Refid	Author	Title	content
1275	G. Rietschel	"A hibernation site of the leaf-mining Phyllonorycter robiniella (Clemens, 1859) (Lepidoptera, Gracillariidae)"	"An hibernation site of Phyllonorycter robiniella, a leaf-mining microlepidopter of Robinia pseudacacia, is described. Therefore the theory of a wintergeneration of larvae feeding in shoots is refuted."
1752	J. W. Neal	Significance of opposing abdominal tergal spines on the pupae of the bagworm Thyridopteryx ephemeraeformis (Lepidoptera: Psychidae)	"The abdominal tergal spines on the pupae of Thyridopteryx ephemeraeformis (Haw.) infesting Juniperus virginiana and Robinia pseudacacia in the field and Thuja orientalis var. elegantissima in the greenhouse in Maryland were studied in detail. Unlike those of most lepidopterous pupae, which are posteriorly directed, the pupal spines of Thyridopteryx ephemeraeformis were anteriorly directed, and functional differences in their number and strength between the male and female pupae are pointed out."
522	R. Retevoi	The influence of parasites on harmful insects of the deciduous forests of the north of Arges county	"This article presents a study on the parasites of harmful insects of the acacia and oak forests from the superior basin of Doamnei riv- er. Between 2008-2011, we identiied in these forests the following species of harmful insects which have signiicantly multiplied: Parectopa robiniella, Phylonorycter robiniella, Andricus quercuscalicis. The dynamics of pests populations was inluenced both by abiotic factors and by the action of parasites."
1285	"P. Y. Liu Yuanzhi, G. Tang and T. Tang"	Influence of environmental factors on the colonization of Reticulitermes chinensis Snyder	"Colonization of Reticulitermes chinensis Snyder was influenced by temperature, moisture, food, soil and room size was researched in laboratory as well as in the field. It was found that in a matrix at 20 degree C apprx 28 degree C, 50.5% apprx 69.6% moisture content, new colonies were developed from paired adults. When the temperature was higher than 30 degree C and the RH lower than 38.2%, few colonies were built. Soldier termites fed most at 25 degree C. The moisture content of termite excreta in the nest and that of timber were 54.8% and 52.3% respectively Among the seven kinds of timber tested for building new colonies, the fastest for colonization was Robinia pseudoacacia L., next came Cinnamomum camphora (L.) Presl, and Pinus massoniana Lamb. Soil and room size also had definite influence on colonization. Based on the above, the limiting factors of termites nest building was clarified, the nest immigration and recolonization of termites depend on the environment factors, and the relerant control strategy was given."
1112	"G. Steyrer, T. L. Cech, A. Furst, H. Krehan, W. Krenmayer, F. Kristofel, B. Perny, H. Schaffer, W. G. Stagl and C. Tomiczek"	Forest protection situation 2001 in Austria - surveys and diagnosis of the BFW and documentation of forest damagaing factors 2002	"More than 650 000 m3 of bark-beetle infested wood was cut in 2001. The most dangerous species was Ips typographus (damaging Norway spruce [Picea abies]), but in some regions also Pityogenes chalcographus (in young spruce stands), and Tomicus minor and T. piniperda in Scots pine [Pinus sylvestris]. The Gregarious spruce sawfly (Pristiphora abietina) was found in many secondary spruce stands in Upper and Lower Austria. In Carinthian pine stands, damage by Neodiprion sertifer is still continuing, but less severe. A very important vector of pine decline in Styria and Burgenland was the buprestid beetle Phaenops cyanea. Damage by pine weevil (Hylobius abietis) to conifers and Dreyfusia aphids to silver fir [Abies alba] were also reported. Random sampling showed that the two leaf mining moths, Phyllonorycter robiniella and Parectopa robiniella, of black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia) have infested nearly the whole of Eastern Austria. Often, they are found at high densities without resulting in severe damage to their host trees. The Gleditsia pod gall midge (Dasyneura gleditsiae [Dasineura gleditsiae]) which was recorded for the first time in Austrian forests in a tree nursery (4 ha) in the Burgenland in 2000, showed no remarkable densities in 2001. Its occurrence in urban trees in Vienna and Baden showed the same density as in 2000. Polydrusus spp. and Phyllobius arborater were reported to infest spruce, larch [Larix], Douglas fir [Pseudotsuga menziesii] and Christmas tree plantations in Styria, Upper and Lower Austria. Synanthedon cephiformis was found in an Abies nordmanniana plantation. Scleroderris disease (Ascocalyx abietina) was reported in 2001 only from a few stands of stone pine (Pinus cembra), probably as a result of local microclimatic conditions. A new outbreak of Sphaeropsis blight (Sphaeropsis sapinea [Diplodia pinea]) was observed in Austrian black pines (Pinus nigra austriaca) in northeastern Austria. Unusually warm and humid spring conditions followed by an extreme drought period in 2000 are discussed as triggering factors. Several cases of dieback of green alder (Alnus viridis) were observed in the Tyrol, with microfungi (Valsaceae) developing in bark necroses. It is likely that drought stress due to a shortage in snow cover was the cause."
398	"V. Peric-Mataruga, B. K. Hackenberger, M. Vlahovic, L. Ilijin and M. Mrdakovic"	POTENTIAL IMPROVEMENT OF LYMANTRIA DISPAR L. MANAGEMENT BY QUERCETIN	"Lymantria dispar, a polyphagous insect pest, copes with a wide variety of host-specific allelochemicals. Glutathione S-transferases (GST) are important for catalyzing detoxification in L. dispar. Larval mortality, GST activity in midgut tissue and mass of L. dispar with different trophic adaptations (originating from two forests with a suitable host, Quercus robur, and an unsuitable host, Robinia pseudoacacia), differed after feeding on quercetin supplemented diets (2% or 5% w/w). Quercetin inhibited GST most potently in oak forest larvae that were less adapted to flavonoids in their diet. The larvicidal effect of quercetin on L. dispar larvae depended on the host-use history. We believe this is important in strategies for sustainable control of insect pests."
1893	L. M. Zelinskaya	The resistance of Lymantria dispar to Chlorophos and Entobakterin	"Larvae of L. dispar were collected from various stands (Oak/Birch, Alder, Willow, and Robinia), where the outbreak of the pest was in various phases, viz. culmination, depression, etc. and where microsporidian and nuclear polyhedrosis virus infections were present. The larvae were treated with various doses of Entobakterin and Chlorofos and the % mortality was determined. Larvae from Willow and Robinia stands, weakened as a result of microsporidian and polyhedrosis epizootics, proved to be the most susceptible to the working concentration (0.2%) and to sub-lethal doses (0.05, 0.02%) of Chlorophos. Entobakterin and Chlorophos were not effective against late-instar larvae infected by polyhedra, because complete natural mortality was also observed in the untreated control larvae."
978	V. Nicolai	"The invasive leaf miner Phyllonorycter robiniella feeding on black locust, Robinia pseudoacacia, in central Europe (Lepidoptera : Gracillariidae)"	"The phenology of Phyllonoryeter robiniella (Clemens 1859) was determined during the vegetative periods of 2002-2004 in the city of Marburg, Germany. Controls and collections were conducted at several study sites on leaves of black locust, Robinia pseudoacacia Linnaeus 1753, on a weekly basis. Oviposition of the moths took place in late June after completion of the flowering of the trees. Throughout the study three generations were completed in total. The duration of each generation differs. In 2003 and 2004 a forth generation started in autumn but could not be finished until abscissicion of the leaves. Mortality factors were parasitation during summer, predation by native birds during autumn, and abiotic conditions during winter. Autumn and winter mortality is assumed to be high as every spring low infestations of the trees and every autumn high infestations of the trees were found. Using the data of Phyllonorycter robiniella some properties of successful neozoa in Europe are pointed out."
613	J. S. Badmin	$	"The distribution of the recently introduced gall midge Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman) in Kent is reported. Infestation levels on false acacia Robinia pseudoacacia were low, with one and rarely two leaf-roll galls per leaflet. Limited observations suggested that the golden-leaved form, f. Frisia was less susceptible to attack. Most infestations occurred at 1[long dash]2m above ground level."
810	"M. Skuhrava, V. Skuhravy, M. Skrzypczynska and R. Szadziewski"	"Gall midges (Cecidomyiidae, Diptera) of Poland"	"The present fauna of Poland includes 463 species of Cecidomyiidae in 126 genera, as noted in the present study. The subfamily Cecidomyiinae includes 397 of these species in 97 genera, the subfamily Lestremiinae I 7 species in 11 genera and the subfamily Porricondylinae 49 species in 18 genera. Members of the subfamily Cecidomyiinae are predominantly phytophagous developing in association with host plants, causing galls or living as inquilines in galls of other gall midges; a smaller number of species are zoophagous and mycophagous. Members of the subfamilies Porricondylinae and Lestremiinae are mycophagous or their biology is unknown. An annotated list of gall midge species and a list of host plant species attacked by gall midges are given. The horizontal occurrence of each gall midge species is shown in 205 maps. Gall midges in Poland are associated with 257 host plant species that belong to 48 plant families. 44 gall midge species are associated with Fabaceae, 39 species with Salicaceae and 37 species with Asteraceae. Populus tremula and Salix aurita are host plants with the highest species number, each hosting ten gall midge species. On the basis of zoogeographical analysis the frequency of gall midges occurring in Poland 39% species occur very scarcely, 23% rarely, 16% moderately frequent, 11% frequently, 9% very frequently, 2% commonly. Lasioptera rubi is the most frequent species in Poland. Gall midge species number for each faunal district is given. Geographical distribution: 71% species are European, 21% Eurosiberian, 2% sub-Mediterranean, 5% Holarctic and cosmopolitan; Dasineura bistortae causing galls on Polygonum bistorta is a Euro-Asian species; Janetiella siskiyou developing in cones of Chamaecyparis lawsoniana and Obolodiplosis robiniae causing galls on leaflets of Robinia pseudoacacia are Nearctic species, recent introductions to Europe and alien members of the Polish fauna. Jaapiella alpina inducing galls on Silene acaulis, Dasineura alpestris on Arabis Dasineura bistortae on Polygon urn viviparum and Dasineura phyteumatis on Phyteuma spp. are Alpine species. Species of economic importance are: Contarinia Sitodiplosis mosellana and Haplodiplosis marginata as pests on cereals; Contarinia merceri and Stenodiplosis bromicola on grasses; Contarinia medicaginis on Medicago saliva; Dasineura napi on Brassica napus. Thecodiplosis brachyntera, Resseliella piceae, Plemeliella abietina, Kaltenbachiola strobi and Resseliella skuhravyorum are pests of forest trees. Aphidoletes aphidimyza and Feltiella acarisuga are beneficial species used in biological control of aphids and mites, respectively."
1132	I. M. Sharma and S. S. Bhardwaj	Canker and die-back of Robinia pseudocacia Linn.: A new emerging disease in Himachal Pradesh	Canker and die-back disease in Black locust (Robinia pseudocacia) was identified to be caused by two different strains of Fusarium oxysporum and its incidence ranged between 27-35 per cent in different localities of district Kullu and Mandi in Himachal Pradesh. Detailed symptomatology and preliminary studies on epidemiology and control have been discussed.
1568	J. Zahradnik	REVISION OF THE ALEURODES OF CZECHOSLOVAKIA STERNORRHYNCHA ALEYRODINEA III	"In this third and final part of the Revision fo Czech white-flies, the species of the genera Bemisia QUAINT. and BAKER, Asterobemisia TREHAN, Aleyrodes LATREILLE, Japaneyrodes ZAHRADNIK and Trialeurodes COCKERELL are revised. Bemisia silvatica DANCIG is recorded for the first time from Robinia pseudoacacia in Czechoslovakia. Asterobemisia avellanae (SIGNORET) and Asterobemisia carpini (KOCH) are considered as two different species. the key for determination of genera is added. Twenty two species of white-flies have been found in the country, inclusively Trialeurodes vaporariorum WESTW. and Pealius azaleae (BAK. and MOL. both greenhouse species."
121	"M. H. Amid-Motlagh, H. Massumi, J. Heydarnejad, M. Mehrvar and M. R. Hajimorad"	Nucleotide sequence analyses of coat protein gene of peanut stunt virus isolates from alfalfa and different hosts show a new tentative subgroup from Iran	"Alfalfa cultivars grown in 14 provinces in Iran were surveyed for the relative incidence of peanut stunt virus (PSV) during 2013-2016. PSV were detected in 41.89% of symptomatic alfalfa samples and a few alternate hosts by plate-trapped antigen ELISA. Among other hosts tested only Chenopodium album, Robinia pseudoacacia and Arachis hypogaea were found naturally infected with PSV. Twenty five isolates of PSV were chosen for biological and molecular characterizations based on their geographical distributions. There was not any differences in experimental host range of these isolates; however, variation in systemic symptoms observed on Nicotiana glutinosa. Total RNA from 25 of viral isolates were subjected to reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction analysis using primers directed against coat protein (CP) gene. The CP genes of 25 Iranian PSV isolates were either 651 or 666 nucleotides long. The nucleotide and amino acid identities for CP gene among Iranian PSV isolates were 79.3-99.7 and 72-100%, respectively. They also shared between 67.4 and 82.4% pairwise nucleotide identity with other PSV isolates reported elsewhere in the world. Phylogenetic analyses of CP gene sequences showed formation of a new subgroup comprising only the Iranian isolates. Natural infection of a few alternate hosts with PSV is reported for the first time from Iran."
934	S. P. Verma and C. L. Dinabandhoo	Scale insects (Homoptera: Diaspididae) on short rotation forest tree species	"A survey was carried out during the years 1998-2000 to find out the distribution and host range of armoured scales associated with fruit and other trees of economic importance in Himachal Pradesh. Four scale insects were found to infest short rotation tree species. The infestation of diaspidids, Aonidiella aurantii (Maskell) and A. orientalis (Newstead) were recorded on Bauhinia variegata L. at Ropari (Sarkaghat) Morganella longispina (Morgan) on Celtis australis and Pinnaspis aspidistrae (Signoret) on Robinia pseudoacacia L. at Nauni (Solan). The female body of A. aurantii was kidney shaped, A. orientate was ovate, M. longispina was oval and P. aspidistrae was elongate. The scale insects M. longispina and P. aspidistrae are recorded for the first time in Himachal Pradesh."
873	M. Skuhrava and V. Skuhravy	"Gall midge fauna (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae) of South Tyrol: 7. Gall midges of the Schlern region in the Western Dolomite Alps"	"During investigations in the Schlern region in the Western Dolomite Alps in 2006, 94 gall midge species were found at 12 localities situated at altitudes from 1000m up to 2518m a.s.l. Among them, Aprionus confusus, Arnoldiola gemmae, Dasineura spadicea, Dasineura symphyti, Harmandiola pustulans, Iteomyia major, Lestodiplosis holstei and Resseliella ingrica are new records for the fauna of South Tyrol and Italy and Asphondylia cytisi, Contarinia tiliarum and Loewiola centaureae are new records for South Tyrol. The known gallmidge fauna of South Tyrol contains now 254 species. An annotated list of species found in 2006 is given with details of collection sites as well as biological data. The gall midges are associated with 72 host plant species. The average number per each locality is 15,6 species (ranging from 4 to 26). The number of gall midge species decreases with increasing altitude. Contarinia loti, Dasineura daphnes, D.phyteumatis, Dasineura sp. on Galium anisophyllum, Geocrypta campanulae, Jaapiella veronicae, Macrolabis achilleae, Neomikiella lychnidis and Oligotrophus juniperinus were found in alpine zone at altitudes from 2300 to 2518m. Dasineura rosae on Rosa-species and Macrolabis heraclei on Heracleum sphondylium were the most abundantly occurring species during investigations.A total of 34 species (36 %) have an Eurosiberian and 58 species (62 %) an European distribution. Only Asphondylia verbasci on Verbascum nigrum, is known as a Submediterranean species. Obolodiplosis robiniae on Robinia pseudoacacia, native in Nearctic Region, is alien and an invasive species in South Tyrol."
1265	I. A. Moglan and V. Moglan	"The efficiency of parasitoids (Hymenoptera, Chalcidoidea) to decrease the number of the coccid Parthenolecanium corni Bouche (Homoptera, Coccidae) in southern Moldavia"	"Surveys were carried out during 1978-1984 at Malu Alb, Galati district, Romania, to investigate parasitoids of Parthenolecanium corni on Robinia pseudoacacia. Pachyneuron concolor [P. muscarum], Blastothrix longipennis, Metaphycus insidiosus, M. stagnarum, Tetrastichus trjapitzini, Tetrastichus sp., Coccophagus lycimnia and Marietta picta were found. Parasitism in larvae varied between 10.1 (1982) and 71.8% (1979), and in females between 32.3 (1984) and 87.1% (1979)."
1220	H. Pospieszny and N. Borodynko	Methods of detection and identification of tomato black ring nepovirus	"In 1998, 14 isolates of tomato black ring nepovirus (TBRV) from tomato, cucumber and Robinia were isolated. TBRV identification was based on host range, symptomatology, electron microscopy, purification and serology. Serological methods are the most useful for TBRV detection. Cucumber and Robinia plants are new natural hosts for TBRV in Poland."
1823	P. D. Marchenko	TRICHOCLADIA-PSEUDOACACIAE NEW-SPECIES OF POWDERY MILDEW FUNGUS	"The diagnosis, description, locality and dates of collections are given for a powdery mildew fungus, T. pseudoacaciae sp. nov. from the Transcarpathian region of the Ukrainian SSR, USSR. The occurrence of Erysiphe communis Grev. f. robiniae (Tschern.) Golov. (syn. T. robiniae Tschern) is mentioned. A comparative characteristic is given for the powdery mildew fungi found on Robinia pseudoacacia."
1483	"Y. C. Dong, J. S. Wang and C. Y. Du"	Observations on Bruchophagus ononis	"In the central and southern Shandong Province, China, there were 2 generations of Bruchophagus ononis each year. The first generation damaged the seeds of Robinia pseudoacacia with minor losses, and the second damaged up to 95% of the seeds of Sophora japonica. Its eclosion period corresponded with the flowering periods of the hosts. The mature larvae of the second generation overwintered inside the seeds of S. japonica. Pest morphology is described and illustrated. Chemical control of the adult was also tested."
1048	"K. J. Huisman, J. C. Koster, E. J. van Nieukerken and S. A. Ulenberg"	Microlepidoptera in The Netherlands in 2000	"In this 13th annual report four species of moth are recorded for the first time from The Netherlands: Phyllonorycter robiniella, the expanding leafminer found since 1998 on black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia) and now recorded in three provinces; in 1999 one specimen of the Mediterranean tineid, Crassicornella agenjoi, was found in Limburg, probably accidentally imported; the two Gelechiidae Carpatolechia aenigma and Caryocolum proxima were found while re-examining older material, the former amongst Teleiodes paripunctella and the latter amongst C. blandulella; one specimen of C. aenigma was reared from Quercus, its first published host record. In total we report 93 species, including 22 new provincial records. Other interesting records are those of Coleophora albicosta, Carpatolechia fugacella (second record), Gelechia muscosella (fifth), Cochylis pallidana (fifth and sixth), Endothenia gentianaeana (first records since 1942), E. oblongana, E. ustulana (first records since 1965), Epinotia signatana (additions to the recent first record), Epiblema turbidana, Pammene spiniana (second Dutch specimen, first since the 19th century) and the exotic Amyelois transitella, reared from a walnut. Leafmines of the Chrysoesthia-species are illustrated as an aid for recognition."
986	Y. Dai and Q. Gao	A new heart rot on Robinia pseudoacacia in Northern China	"A new heart rot pathogen, Perenniporia robiniophila, is reported occurring on Robinia pseudoacacia trees in Beijing and Dalian, Liaoning, China, which causes a white rot in the heartwood resulting to death. An account on the symptoms, damage and distribution of this new disease is given based on field investigations and an illustrated description is presented in detail using collected specimen material."
373	A. Chalanska and G. Labanowski	THE EFFECT OF EDAPHIC FACTORS ON THE SIMILARITY OF PARASITIC NEMATODES IN THE SOIL SAMPLED IN NURSERIES OF ORNAMENTAL TREES AND SHRUBS	"The largest faunistic similarity of nematodes was found in soils sampled in coniferous nurseries where arborvitae (Thuja occidentalis - Cupressaceae), spruces (Picea spp. - Pinaceae) and pines (Pinus spp. - Pinaceae) were grown. In soil sampled from deciduous tree and shrub nurseries, similar species composition of parasitic nematodes was found in stands of oaks (Quercus spp. - Fagaceae), black locusts (Robinia pseudoacacia - Fabaceae) and maples (Acer spp. - Sapindaceae). In soils, especially the light and medium, from stands of coniferous and deciduous trees and shrubs, Aphelenchus avenae was often isolated. Bitylenchus dubius occurred in both types of nurseries, particularly in light soils. The largest faunistic similarities between nematodes isolated from places of growth of coniferous and deciduous plants were recorded in soils of loamy sand and sandy loam. The most abundant nematode species and the greatest similarity in species of plant parasitic nematodes were observed in soils with neutral pH or slightly acidic. Aphelenchus avenae was found in soil samples collected from both coniferous and deciduous plants, with no relation to soil acidity."
1497	C. Sidor and I. Jodal	THE POLYHEDRAL VIRUS DISEASE OF GYPSY MOTH PORTHETRIA-DISPAR IN ACACIA FOREST BAGREMARA YUGOSLAVIA INTENSITY OF THE DISEASE AND HISTOPATHOLOGICAL INVESTIGATIONS	The data in this article represent the investigations of the nuclear polyhedral virus diseases (NPV) of gypsy moth (Porthetria dispar L.) from acacia forest in which the larvae are feeding with acacia leaves which is classified as less suitable food for this insect. The nuclear polyhedral virus disease (NPV) of the gypsy moth had been found every year during ten years of the investigations. The first pathological changes were observed in the cells nuclei of the infected tissues. Agglomeration of the chromatin and formation of the dark stained virogenic stroma from which the rod shaped virions are derived. In the cytoplasm near nuclear membrane of the infected cells numerous mitochondria were collected which suggest greater activity of the cells for producing the elements necessary for composition of the virus. In the nuclear numbers virions appeared which are grouped in the bundles and rounded by a common membrane. Around the virus bundles the protein material is accumulated making inclusions in the polyhedral shape. The polyhedra are growing in size and numbers and completely fill the nucleus which membrane under press become close to the cell membrane. Both membranes undergoing pathological changes are breaking and the polyhedra are liberated and mixed with remnants of the tissue. Breaking of the very fragile skin of the diseased caterpillars the polyhedral bodies are flowing out and contaminated leaves on which still the healthy caterpillars are feeding and become infected.
1402	S.-I. Yoshimatsu	"Lepidopterous insects associated with cankers of the Japanese pagoda tree, Sophora japonica caused by rust fungus, Uromyces truncicola"	"Eight species of Lepidoptera were found on cankers of Sophoral japonica L., of which three species are presently unidentified. Among them Decadarchis atririvis MEYRICK and Brachmia sp. were dominant and these two species sometimes fed on the bark of S. japonica which did not have cankers. The canker is considered to be one of the primary hosts and a suitable refuge for them. Further study revealed that three of the associated species caused damage to the bark of Robinia psuedo-Acacia L. The other Lepidopteran species discussed are D. sphenoschista, D. contributa, Promalactis suzukiella, Cosmopterix sp. and Labdia semicoccinea."
1446	P. M. Kirk and C. A. B. I. Uk	Nigrospora sphaerica. Descriptions of Fungi and Bacteria	"A description is provided for Nigrospora sphaerica. Information is included on the disease caused by the organism, its transmission, geographical distribution, and hosts. HOSTS: Abelmoschus, Acacia, Acropera, Album, Ananas, Anthurium, Amaranthus, Andropogon, Arachis, Aralia, Araucaria, Areca, Argemone, Artocarpus, Arundinaria, Asparagus, Axonopus, Bambusa, Banhinia, Bridelia, Brassica, Cajanus, Calamus, Calotropis, Camellia, Capsicum, Cardamomum, Carex, Carica, Coriandrum, Cenchrus, Centrosema, Chasmopodium, Chloris, Cicer, Cinnamomum, Citrullus, Citrus, Cocos, Coffea, Coix, Cola, Colea, Coriandrum, Crotalaria, Cucumis, Culcasia, Cupressus, Cymbopogon, Cyperus, Dianthus, Dichanthium, Dioscorea, Elaeis, Emblica, Erianthus, Eriobotrya, Eucalyptus, Euphorbia, Feronia, Ficus, Fragaria, Gladiolus, Glycine, Gomphrena, Gossypium, Hevea, Hibiscus, Hordeum, Hydrangea, Hymantrudae, Hyparrhenia, Ipomoea, Jatropha, Lactuca, Luffa, Lycopersicon, Macadamia, Mormodica, Morus, Lathyrus, Malus, Mangifera, Musa, Nicotiana, Neomarica, Nephelium, Nothofagus, Oncidium, Ophiuros, Oryza, Oxytenanthera, Panicum, Papaver, Pelargonium, Pennisetum, Pueraria, Phalaenopsis, Phaseolus, Phragmites, Physalis, Pinus, Piper, Pistia, Populus, Prunus, Pseudotsuga, Psidium, Psophocarpus, Pyrethrum, Raphanus, Ricinus, Robinia, Rosa, Rottboellia, Saccharum, Salvia, Shorea, Solanum, Sorghum, Sporobolus, Sphenoclea, Stevia, Stigmaphyllon, Strychnos, Tabebuia, Tabemaemontana, Theobroma, Trichosanthes, Trigonella, Triticum, Vicia, Vitex, Xanthosoma, Zea, Zizyphus; also from air, animals (including man and Ceroplastus), soil and plant debris, and stored foods. DISEASE: None as a primary pathogen of plants; frequently encountered as a secondary invader or as a saprophyte. Associated with 'squirter' and 'black end' disease of banana. GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION: AFRICA: Cameroon, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Nigeria, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Spain (Canary Islands), Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe. ASIA: Bangladesh, Brunei, Burma, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Nepal, Pakistan, Malaysia (Peninsular Malaysia, Sabah), Philippines, Sarawak, Sri Lanka, Syria. AUSTRALASIA & OCEANIA: Australia, Fiji, Guadalcanal, New Zealand, Norfolk Islands, Papua New Guinea, Tonga. EUROPE: Italy, Turkey, UK. NORTH AMERICA: Canada, USA. CENTRAL AMERICA & WEST INDIES: Cuba, Honduras, Jamaica, Trinidad, Windward Islands. SOUTH AMERICA: Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Venezuela. TRANSMISSION: By unknown means."
1718	"S. M. Francis, A. M. Berrie and C. A. B. I. Uk"	Peronospora cytisi. Descriptions of Fungi and Bacteria	"A description is provided for Peronospora cytisi. Information is included on the disease caused by the organism, its transmission, geographical distribution, and hosts. HOSTS: Laburnum alpinum, L. anagyroides; Robinia pseudacacia (fide Lindtner, 1957, but not confirmed by cross inoculation). DISEASE: Downy mildew of laburnum. The disease is most severe on young seedlings about 6-8 inches high. Symptoms are first seen on the upper surface of the leaves as pale yellow spots, these areas rapidly become brown, dead and brittle. The down, which is greyish brown, develops in a dense felt on the undersurface of these spots. The infected leaves may become completely withered and drop off and the seedlings then soon die. Infection of older plants has been reported by Magnus (1892) who described a single shrub (no indication of size given) with many leaves fallen and the remainder with numerous spots. Berlese (1903) records that in older plants the parasite develops especially in the upper leaves but the plants are not killed. The following year they can look perfectly healthy unless attacked again by the disease. GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION: Europe (Britain, Denmark, France, Germany, Poland, Spain, Sweden (fide Gaumann (1923) but no specimen seen by Gustavsson (1959)), Yugoslavia. TRANSMISSION: No reports. Contaminated seed was not thought to be the source of the attack reported by Kirchner (1892) on seedlings raised from seed from the local botanic garden where the disease was not present nor did it subsequently appear. Oospores form in considerable numbers in the withered leaves and must form a potential source of infection on fallen debris in the soil. However the sporadic outbreaks of the disease suggests that the fungus may perhaps exist on other hosts such as Robinia pseudacacia or be present in small and undetected quantities on older laburnum plants in most seasons and only cause severe infection, and thus attract attention, when weather conditions favour its rapid development."
1323	G. Seljak	"Phyllonorycter robiniella, a new leaf miner of robinia in Slovenia"	"Phyllonorycter robiniella, new to Slovenia, was found on Robinia pseudoacacia near Nova Gorica in late spring 1994."
712	"G. Gao, W. Xin, Y. Zheng, T. Gao, J. Qi, W. Zhang and Z. Wen"	Identification and biological characteristics of locust heartwood rot fungi	"Heartwood rot fungus (P1) of Robinia pseudoacacia in Shenyang was identified by morphological and molecular biological methods. And the effects of temperature, pH value, light, and carbon and nitrogen resources on mycelium growth and colony morphology were studied by growth rate method. Results showed that P1 was identified as Perenniporia robiniophil (Murr.) Ryv. The optimum temperature for the mycelium growth was 20-25 degrees C, and the optimum pH value was within the range of 5-6. Illumination had no obvious effect on mycelium growth. The mycelium grew best on media with cane sugar as carbon source or yeast extract as nitrogen resources."
915	F. W. M. R. Schwarze	Part 13: ash tree fungus	The geographical distribution of Perenniporia fraxinea is described. Its decaying effect on wood of Robinia pseudoacacia is outlined.
1138	T. DeGomez and M. R. Wagner	Culture and use of black locust	"Robinia L. (locust) species are among the most widely planted tree species in the world because they are ornamentally attractive, drought tolerant, fast growing, fix nitrogen, have very hard durable wood, an are adaptable to many sites and climates. Recent taxonomic analysis indicates there are four species, black locust (R. pseudoacacia L.); bristly locust (R. hispida L.); clammy locust (R. viscosa Vent.); and new mexican locust (R. neomexicana A. Gray). All four species originate in the southern United States and northern Mexico. Man), horticultural cultivars are available. Locusts are tolerant of a wide range of soil types so long as there is good drainage, adequate moisture, and[ it is not very clayey. The environmental tolerance of locust makes it an excellent candidate for horticultural uses and for future breeding and selection to enhance its many desirable traits. It is easy to propagate via seed, root cuttings, soft- or hardwood cuttings, budding/grafting, or tissue culture. Locust has indeterminate growth. Spacing of plants in plantations is critical for the production of multiple products including high value timber. Locust is known for its ability to withstand drought conditions however at the cost of leaf shedding. Black locust contributes high levels of nitrogen to the soil from nitrogen fixing bacterial symbiosis. The major drawback to large-scale production of black locust in its native range is the damage that occurs from the locust borer (Megacyllene robiniae Forster). When planted outside the range of the locust borer it can be grown successfully as landscape specimen trees and as trees large enough for lumber production when varieties with straight trunks are grown. Damage from locust leaf miner (Odontata dorsalis Thunberg) can greatly detract from the trees ornamental qualities. Its most common use is as a site reclamation species. The tree is also used in honey production. The wood is highly decay resistant and is greatly valued for poles and posts. The wood is extremely hard and easy to work making it highly desirable for many construction uses."
1231	S. Sen	Seed mycoflora of Robinia pseudoacacia Linn. and its control	"Eight fungal species Alternaria alternata, Cladosporium sp., Fusarium equiseti, F. oxysporum, F. semitectum, Penicillium chrysogenum, Rhizopus spp. and Ulocladium consortiale were found associated with seeds of Robinia pseudoacacia (Linn.). However, species of Fusarium were found the most predominant ones, and were invariably isolated from seeds samples collected from Bajaura, Manali and Sharbo area of H.P. Amongst the various fungi, Fusarium species and Alternaria alternata were found pathogenic and caused significant reduction in seedling stand. Mercuric chloride (0.1), Baycor (0.25%) and Blitox 50 (0.3%) provided best control of associated mycoflora."
164	"S. Wang, S. Wang, C. Lin, S. Yu, L. Wang, C. Piao, M. Guo and G. Tian"	Loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for detection of five phytoplasmas belonging to 16Sr I group based on target tuf gene	"Objective: The purpose of this study is to develop an isothermal method known as loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) for detection of 16Sr I group phytoplasmas. The method would make it possible to achieve simple and rapid detection of this pathogen. Method: In present study, several sets of LAMP primers were designed using the tuf gene as the target, and then the most appropriate set was selected to develop LAMP method for detection of 16Sr I group phytoplasmas. The specificity of LAMP was tested by using 3 other groups of phytoplasma (16Sr I, 16Sr V, 16Sr XIX) which are closely related to 16Sr I group. The sensitivities between LAMP and PCR for detecting phytoplasma were compared by using two-fold serially diluted DNA extracted from phytoplasma-infected paulownia as templates. The LAMP method was used to detect the paulownia witches'-broom phytoplasmas from 6 provinces in China and 9 kinds of tissue culture seedlings. Result: The 16Sr I-LAMP was efficiently amplified with the target tuf gene sequences in 40 min at constant temperature of 63°C, by which five 16Sr I group phytoplasmas causing paulownia witches'-broom, chinaberry witches'-broom, mulberry dwarf, lettuce yellows and periwinkle phyllody diseases were detected, but no phytoplasmas from 16Sr I (peanut witches'-broom, sweet potato witches'-broom, cleome witches'-broom), 16Sr V (jujube witches'-broom, cherry lethal yellows, Bischofia polycarpa witches'-broom, Robinia hispida witches'-broom), and 16SrXIX (chestnut yellows crinkle) as well as healthy plant control were detected. The result of LAMP were observed by the color changes of reaction solution added to calcein, the reaction solution was green for positive samples and orange for negative ones, which were in agreement with the result by detecting amplification curve through the fluorescent quantitation device. Compared with conventional PCR amplification, the detection sensitivity of 16Sr I-LAMP was 8-fold higher. The PaWB samples collected from different regions and different graft-inoculated tissue culture seedlings could be detected correctly with corresponding LAMP assay. Conclusion: This is the first report of application of the LAMP assay technique for the simple, efficient, and specific detection of 16Sr I group phytoplasmas targeting on phytoplasma tuf gene. suitable for grass-roots and field testing and for the rapid diagnosis of phytoplasma associated diseases."
1353	S. Sunita and V. K. Gupta	Effect of some important edaphic factors on the incidence of fusarial wilt of Robinia pseudoacacia L	"Wilt caused by Fusarium oxysporum, F. equiseti and F. semitectum [F. pallidoroseum] is an important disease of R. pseudoacacia. The effect of soil factors (temp., moisture, pH and type) on the incidence of the 3 Fusarium spp. was investigated. Soil temp. of 20-30°C, 60% moisture and pH 6.0 were most favourable to all Fusarium spp. Sandy loam, loam and forest loam soils showed max. wilt incidence, while min. wilt was recorded in gravelly sandy loam and gravelly loam soils with 60-65% gravel."
1015	"M. Jonczyk, N. Borodynko and H. Pospieszny"	Restriction analysis of genetic variability of Polish isolates of Tomato black ring virus	"Several different isolates of Tomato black ring virus (TBRV) have been collected in Poland from cucumber, tomato, potato and black locust plants. Biological tests showed some differences in the range of infected plants and the type of symptoms, which was the basis for selection of seven the most biologically different TBRV isolates. According to the sequence of TBRV-MJ, several primer pairs were designed and almost the entire sequence of both genomic RNAs was amplified. The RT-PCR products derived from all tested TBRV isolates were digested by restriction enzymes. On the basis of the restriction patterns, the variable and the conserved regions of the TBRV genome were defined and the relationships between the Polish TBRV isolates established."
1204	H. Michalopoulos-Skarmoutsos and G. Skarmoutsos	Pathogenicity of fungi affecting black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia) in Greece	"The main fungi affecting black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.) were recorded during a survey which took place in northern Greece in 1997. It was found that Phomopsis oncostoma (Thum,) v. Hohn, Aglaospora profusa (Fr.) de Not. and Cucurbitaria elongata (Ft) Grev. cause necroses of twigs, branches and even entire trees. The pathogenicity of these fungi was confirmed by inoculation experiments in which typical disease symptoms appeared with re-isolation of the respective fungi from the inoculated plants."
1858	A. United States Department of	Locust leafminer (Odontota dorsalis) - Vermont - new state record	"Dense populations of adults of Xenochalepus dorsalis (Thnb.) (Odontota dorsalis) and severe leaf-browning were found in September 1977 on black locust trees [Robinia pseudacacia] at Richmond, Chittenden County, in Vermont. This is a new state record for the leaf-miner."
988	T. A. Stidham	Additions to the natural history of Gammarotettix bilobatus (Orthoptera : Rhaphidophoridae)	"The arboreal camel cricket, Gannnaroteffix bilobatus Thomas, is abundant and widespread in California. It emerges in mid to late February, survives into late May and early June, and utilizes 8 host-plant species (coast live oak, barberry; Christmas berry, California lilac, California buckeye, Monterey pine, black locust, and California bay), some of which are toxic. It appears that G. bilobatus switches host plants intraseasonally and possibly acts as an inadvertent pollinator of some of its host plants."
1133	"M. E. Farashiani, S. E. Sadeghi and M. Abaii"	"Geographic distribution, and hosts of sart longhorn beetle, Aeolesthes sarta Solsky (Col.: Cerambycidae) in Iran"	"The stem borer also known as sart borer (Aeolesthes sarta) is the most destructive insect pest of many trees in central and, east Asia, countries and Iran. It has high economic importance in these countries. Distribution pattern and ecological studies on sart longhorn beetle (A. sarta) was carried out during 1997 2001 in Iran. In this regard we visited different settings of ecosystems including forests, fruit gardens, urban vicinities in many parts of Iran. Infested logs of host trees were brought to laboratory from various localities and adults or larvae of pest were collected for further studying. Furthermore, cerambycid specimens in Forest and Rangeland Arthropod Museum were examined in this respect. The result indicated that the borer is widely distributed in Iran. It was detected on several host trees in east and northeast (Khorasan), Southeast (Systan and Baluchestan), central areas (Tehran, Isfahan) and south (Kohgiloyeh and Boyer Ahmad) of Iran. host trees included Populus alba, P nigra, Juglans regia, Salix spp., Ulmus spp., Platanus orientalis, Morus alba, Elaeagnus angustifolia, Alnus subcordata, Robinia sp. and Amygdalus spp. Infestation rate was 40 to 100% on various host trees. It should be noted that, alder (Alnus subeordata) and mountain almond (Amygdalus spp.) are new host record for A. sarta in the world. Furthermore, Morus alba is reported as new host of A. sarta in Iran."
666	"T. Kamo, Y. Tokuoka and M. Miyazaki"	Influence of aphid-host plant pairs on the survivorship and development of the multicolored Asian ladybird beetle: implications for the management of vegetation in rural landscapes	"Although the value of noncrop vegetation for biological control has been extensively studied in agricultural landscapes, there are few reports on how it functions mechanistically. When focusing on the pest control function provided by noncrop vegetation, tritrophic interactions among a predatory natural enemy, its prey, and the prey's host plant need to be examined. In Japan, the multicolored Asian ladybird beetle, Harmonia axyridis (Pallas) (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae), an aphidophage, serves as a natural pest control agent in agricultural production, although the species' introduction into Europe and North America for pest control has had a negative impact on native ecosystems. In the present study, 33 aphid-plant pairs from an agricultural landscape in the eastern Kanto region of Japan were examined experimentally for initial larval survivorship and development of H. axyridis. Significant differences were found among plant-aphid pairs with regard to these parameters. In addition, the larval survivorship of H. axyridis was not consistently determined by host plant or aphid species alone but was context-dependently influenced by the aphid-plant combination. Some alien host plants showed positive effects on the ladybird beetle. Others, however, served as hosts for unsuitable prey species, such as the competitive alien plants Solidago canadensis L. and Robinia pseudoacacia L., which are the host plants of Uroleucon nigrotuberculatum (Olive) and Aphis craccivora Koch, respectively. These findings suggest that various noncrop plants could be managed to promote ladybird beetle populations in rural landscapes."
1240	A. Sidoti and G. Granata	Black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia) blight in urbanized areas	"The widespread occurrence of severe blight disease in black locust (R. pseudoacacia var. umbraculifera) was observed in Italy. Symptoms were characterized by the presence of chlorotic and dried leaves, and branches devoid of vegetation. Phomopsis oncostoma (anamorph of Diaporthe oncostoma) was isolated from the diseased wood of branches and trunk. Pathogenicity tests confirmed that P. oncostoma was the causal organism."
1023	C. Duso and M. Skuhrava	First record of Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman) (Diptera Cecidomyiidae) galling leaves of Robinia pseudacacia L. (Fabaceae) in Italy and Europe	"Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman, 1847) (Diptera Cecidomyiidae) has been recorded for the first time in Italy and Europe. Its natural distribution includes the eastern USA. This pest produces galls on the leaflets of Robinia pseudacacia L. (Fabaceae), in particular, the margins of leaflets are rolled downwards. Usually, leaflets on the terminal parts of shoots are preferred. Relatively high infestations cause leaf fall. Larvae pupate in rolled leaf margins. The species has been widely recorded in northeastern Italy (Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia)."
1327	S. Sunita and L. N. Bhardwaj	In vitro and in vivo evaluation of fungicides for the control of fusarial wilt of Robinia	"Nine fungicides, viz. Bavistin (carbendazim), Benlate (benomyl), Baycor (bitertanol), Bayleton (triadimefon), Blitox-50 (copper oxychloride), captan, Difolatan (captafol), Dithane M-45 (mancozeb) and Dithane Z-78 (zineb) were evaluated under in vitro conditions against 3 species of Fusarium (F. equiseti, F. oxysporum and F. semitectum [F. pallidoroseum]) which cause heavy mortality to Robinia in forest nurseries in Himachal Pradesh. The systemic fungicides, Bavistin (150 ppm), Baycor (150 ppm) and Bayleton (200 ppm) gave more than 70% inhibition of mycelial growth and were more effective than the non-systemic fungicides. On the basis of these results, soil drenching with Bavistin (0.01%) is recommended for the control of Robinia wilt caused by these 3 Fusarium spp."
756	N. Schneider and T. Walisch	"On the occurrence of Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman, 1847) in Luxembourg (Insecta, Diptera, Cecidomyiidae)"	The distribution of the gallmidge Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman) on black locust trees (Robinia pseudoacacia) is recorded from Luxembourg.
508	"T. Kamo, Y. Tokuoka and M. Miyazaki"	"Quantification of Canavanine, 2-Aminoethanol, and Cyanamide in Aphis craccivora and its Host Plants, Robinia pseudoacacia and Vicia angustifolia: Effects of These Compounds on Larval Survivorship of Harmonia axyridis"	"The cowpea aphid Aphis craccivora that infests the black locust Robinia pseudoacacia shows toxicity to its predator, the multicolored Asian ladybird beetle, Harmonia axyridis. In contrast, the same aphid species that infests the common vetch, Vicia angustifolia, is suitable prey for H. axyridis larvae. Previously, it was reported that the toxicity of A. craccivora infesting R. pseudoacacia was due to canavanine and 2-aminoethanol, but there was some doubt about the toxicity of these compounds and their concentrations in the aphids. In the present study, we determined the concentrations of cyanamide, canavanine, and 2-aminoethanol in A. craccivora infesting the two host plants. In the extracts of A. craccivora that infested either of the host plants, canavanine was undetectable, and 2-aminoethanol was detected at the concentration of 3.0-4.0 mu g/g fresh weight. Cyanamide was detected in the extract of A. craccivora that infested R. pseudoacacia (7.7 mu g/g fresh weight) but not in that infesting V. angustifolia. The toxicity of canavanine, 2-aminoethanol, and cyanamide was evaluated against H. axyridis larvae in a bioassay by using an artificial diet containing these compounds at various concentrations. Cyanamide exhibited 10-100 times stronger toxicity than canavanine and 2-aminoethanol. These results indicate that the toxicity is at least partly due to cyanamide, which is present in the toxic A. craccivora that infests R. pseudoacacia but absent from the non-toxic A. craccivora that infests V. angustifolia."
1825	V. M. Vasov	The gipsy moth	"The larvae of Lymantria dispar (L.) are extremely polyphagous, having been recorded from the leaves of over 300 species of plants. However, they thrive best on a limited number, which include oak, fruit trees and poplars. The leaves of maple and lime [Tilia] upset their metabolism, so that they give rise to adults with poor reproductive ability. Larvae in the later instars can sometimes survive for short periods on morello cherry, Robinia pseudacacia and pine. All stages of the moth are described, its life-history and occurrence in the USSR are outlined, and its control is reviewed, with directions for the application of sprays if necessary. It has only one generation a year and overwinters as eggs laid on the lower parts of tree trunks."
1864	C. Booth and C. A. B. I. Uk	Nectria cinnabarina. Descriptions of Fungi and Bacteria	"A description is provided for Nectria cinnabarina. Information is included on the disease caused by the organism, its transmission, geographical distribution, and hosts. HOSTS: Many species including Ribes and Robinia. This species occurs on conifers and on a wide range of broad-leaved trees and shrubs. DISEASE: Coral spot fungus. Evidence supports the view that this species is a facultative parasite of considerable importance on blackcurrants (48, 3063); it occurs as the cause of cankers of Robinia (54, 1020) and may attack many other woody plants (55, 655). GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION: It is very common and widespread in Northern Europe and has frequently been reported from temperate parts of the world, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, and also from India and Hong Kong. TRANSMISSION: Because of the slimy nature of the conidia and the fact that they form a hard crust in dry weather, wind is not considered as important as water in their dispersal. Even the ascospores appear to be extruded or discharged only in moist weather (Jorgensen, 1952). Entry is usually through wounds or dead buds (47, 1181; 48, 3063)."
868	"Z. Kovacs, S. Kovacs and C. Szaboky"	"The occurrence of Phyllonorycter issikii (Kumata, 1963) and Phyllonorycter robiniella (Clemens, 1859), two invasive leafminer species in the fauna of Romania (Lepidoptera, Gracillariidae)"	"Two Gracillarid species, the Eastern Asian species Phyllonorycter issikii (KUMATA, 1963), which mines the leaves of cilia species. and the North American species Phyllonorycter robiniella (CLEMENS, 1859), mining the leaves of Robinia pseudoacacia L., are reported from Romania for the first time."
982	"C. Duso, P. Fontana and P. Tirello"	Spread of the gall midge Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman) injurious to black locust in Italy and Europe	"Obolodiplosis robiniae has been recorded for the first time in Italy (Veneto) and in Europe in July 2003. Its natural distribution includes the eastern USA. The larvae of O. robiniae produce galls on the leaflets of Robinia pseudoacacia. In particular, the margins of leaflets are rolled downwards. Symptoms are recorded more commonly on the apical shoots. In 2004, the pest has been found in five Italian regions (Veneto, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Trentino-Alto Adige, Lombardia and Emilia Romagna) and at higher population densities than those recorded in the previous year. Moreover, O. robiniae has been found in Slovenia and in the Czech Republic. Observations carried out in the site where O. robiniae was found for the first time suggest that it can develop three generations. Larvae of the first generation occurred from early May to early June. A second generation was detected from the second half of June to the beginning of August. Later, low larval population densities were observed in September and October. The percentage of infested shoots increased from and 20% (1st generation) to 98% (2nd generation). Relatively high infestations cause leaf fall but plants characterised by vigour produced new shoots replacing leaf losses. Among natural enemies of O. robiniae we can mention generalist predators but especially larval parasitoids belonging to the Platygasteridae family."
1875	J. R. Galford	Evidence for a pheromone in the locust borer	"An attempt to attract adults of Megacyllene robiniae (Forst.) to virgin females of the cerambycid in the field was unsuccessful, yet it was not unusual to find several adults on one tree while neighbouring trees had none. Evidence is presented from investigations on bolts of black locust (Robinia pseudacacia) and American elm (Ulmus americana) and treated filter papers that females of M. robiniae deposit a pheromone that causes males to search intensively the substrate on which it is deposited. The composition of an artificial diet that was used to rear the cerambycid is given."
1795	"Z. T. Tang, D. R. Qin and Y. J. Wang"	A study on the red coffee borer (Lepidoptera: Cossidae)	"An investigation of Zeuzera coffeae in Jiangsu province in 1977-78. The larvae are borers which infest the twigs of trees, including locust [Robinia pseudoacacia], hickory [Carya] and apple [Malus]. Infested shoots wither rapidly and are easily broken by wind. The larvae overwinter in tunnels in dead twigs, and the adult emerges in May-July to lay eggs in the twigs. Newly hatched larvae are dispersed by the wind and bore holes at the edges of buds. Natural enemies include Bracon sp., ants, Fusarium moniliforme, viruses and birds. Control by spraying or brushing insecticides onto the trunk was not effective; silvicultural measures and biological control are recommended."
1151	"G. Gao, J. Deng, Y. Wang, X. Jing, H. Wang and X. Sun"	Experiment on Nealsomyia rufella Bezzi against Cryptothelea variegata Snellen	"Cryptothelea variegata [Eumeta variegata], a major pest of Robinia pseudoacacia, Platanus hispanica and Paulownia tomentosa in China, has a diverse feeding pattern. A study has been conducted since 1997 to control C. variegata with Nealsomyia rufella in Pingdu area, Shangdong, China. In July, N. rufella were released at 6000/km2 in the forest zone. The ratio of parasitoids to pests reached 92.7% and leaf preservation ratio exceeded 82%."
1447	P. M. Kirk and C. A. B. I. Uk	Stachybotrys atra. Descriptions of Fungi and Bacteria	"A description is provided for Stachybotrys atra. Information is included on the disease caused by the organism, its transmission, geographical distribution, and hosts. HOSTS: Abies, Acer, Albizzia, Allium, Amaranthus, Angelica, Avena, Bambusa, Brassica, Bromus, Cassia, Centaurea, Cicer, Citrus, Corchorus, Coriandrum, Costus, Crotalaria, Dasylirion, Dendrocalamus, Dianthus, Glycine, Gmelina, Gossypium, Lathyrus, Lepidium, Lolium, Lupinus, Lycopersicon, Mentha, Oryza, Parkinsonia, Pastinaca, Pennisetum, Petasites, Phaseolus, Phlox, Phoenix, Phormium, Pinus, Piper, Ricinus, Robinia, Saccharum, Sesamum, Sesbanea, Solanum, Sorghum, Spartina, Tagetes, Tithonia, Tragopogon, Trifolium, Trigonella, Triticum, Ulex, Viola, Yucca, Zinnia; also from animals (including man), paper, textiles, soil and plant debris, and straw. DISEASE: None as a primary pathogen of plants; frequently encountered as a secondary invader (of cotton roots) or as a saprophyte. Causes stachybotryotoxicosis in animals, including man. GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION: AFRICA: Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Tanzania, Zimbabwe. ASIA: Bahrain, India, Iraq, Israel, Kuwait, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka. AUSTRALASIA & OCEANIA: Australia. EUROPE: Czechoslovakia, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Rumania, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, U.K. NORTH AMERICA: Canada, USA. CENTRAL AMERICA AND WEST INDIES: Jamaica TRANSMISSION: By unknown means."
1074	"R. M. Misra, B. M. Misra and M. Ramakant"	A new record of Beauveria bassiana (Balsamo) vuillemin on stink bug Cyclopelta siccifolia westwood (Hemiptera: Pentatomidae)	A laboratory experiment was conducted to evaluate the possible use of Beauveria bassiana (1*103 and 1*107 spores per ml) as a possible biological control agent against Cyclopelta siccifolia infesting Robinia pseudoacacia. Beauveria bassiana at 1*107 spores per ml gave the highest nymph (86.82) and adult (78.07) mortality percentage.
1994	C. Vidano and F. Marletto	"Prospects of biological control of the Robinia leaf-miner, Parectopa robiniella"	"Since 1970, when it was first found mining the leaves of Robinia pseudacacia near Varese in northern Italy [cf. RAE/A 61, 1257], Parectopa robiniella (Clem.) has spread over increasingly wide areas. As this tree is an important source of nectar for bees in Italy, and heavy infestation by leaf-miners causes general weakening, control of the Gracillariid is becoming necessary, but chemical insecticides are both uneconomic and unsuitable. The parasites of P. robiniella were investigated in 1972, both in the Varese district and near Beltsville in Maryland (United States), where the insect and its food-plant originated. In Italy, the Eulophids Tetrastichus ecus (Wlk.), Elachertus inunctus Nees, Pnigalio soemius (Wlk.), Chrysocharis nitetis (Wlk.) and Closterocerus trifasciatus Westw. were reared from incomplete mines of Parectopa in the leaves of Robinia, but the activity of these parasites had little effect on population size. In Maryland, the Eulophids Hyssopus benefactor Crwf., Achrysocharella sp., Sympiesis miltoni Gir. and C. cinctipennis Ashm. were reared from mines of P. robiniella, but only the last two are certainly parasites of this species and were considered suitable for introduction into Italy. A preliminary release of C. cinctipennis was made at Brebbia in the Varese district on 15 July 1972."
2504	M. Kestic	Several new and rarer diseases encountered in forests and nurseries	"A list is given of several new diseases observed on forest trees in Yugoslavia [R.A.M., 30, p. 549; 33, p. 189] during a three months' survey from April to June, 1952. In Slovenia a wilt of chestnut trees caused by Melanconis modonia [cf. 16, p. 845], associated with symptoms resembling those of ink disease caused by Phyto-phthora cambivora [30, p. 549], was present in a mixed forest near Hotemez; Adelopus [Phaeocryptopus] gaeumanni was detected on Douglas fir [Pseudotsuga taxi/olio] var. viridis [cf. 32, p. 410], Gibberella baccata on one Robinia tree, and Puccinia coronata on Rhamnus frangula [cf. 31, p. 430], the last two near Gorica. In Serbia were found Fusarium scirpi[Gibberella acuminata] var. caudatum on lime (Tilia parvifolia] in a nursery at Val-jevo and Schizophyllum commune [cf. 33, p. 189] on Cercis siliquastrum in Topcider Park, near Belgrade. Other records were: Gymnosporangium clavariiforme on Juniperus communis [cf. 31, p. 478] at Deliblatska Pescara and Mycosphaerella maculiformis [cf. 31, p. 39] on birch leaves in the vicinity of Predejan."
951	L. Gencer and S. Seven	"Chalcidoid parasitoids of Micrurapteryx sophorivora Lepidoptera : Gracillariidae in Kuluncak, Turkey"	"This study deals with the parasitoids of Micrurapteryx sophorivora. Parasitoids of M. sophorivora Were investigated on Robinia pseudoacacia in 2004. in the Kuluncak district, Turkey. Seven parasitoid species, Baryscapus nigroviolaceus, Cirrospilus pictus, Necremnus croton, Neochrysocharis arvensis, Neochrysocharis formosa, Pnigalio sp. and Pteromalus sp., were reared. Necremnus croton was found to be the most common parasitoid. All the parasitoids reared were recorded for the first time from Micrurapteryx sophorivora."
1277	G. Labanowski and G. Soika	New and lesser known pests occurring on ornamental trees and shrubs	"In surveys in 1994-96, several species were recorded for the first time from Poland. Eriophyes brownei was recorded from Symphoricarpos albus, Scirtothrips longipennis from Rhododendron japonicum, Dasineura gleditchiae from Gleditsia triacanthos, Appendiseta robinae on Robinia pseudoacacia, Graphocephala fennahi and Dialeurodes chittendeni on Rhododendron spp., and Unaspis euonymi on Euonymus japonicus. Several species occurring rarely in Poland are also listed."
1517	G. Bochi Serini and P. Trematerra	Occurrence of the Nearctic Phyllonorycter robiniellus (Clemens) (Lepidoptera Gracillariidae) in Italy	"The discovery of the gracillariid Phyllonorycter robiniella, a leaf miner of black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia), in Italy in 1988 is reported. The morphology and biology of the pest are described."
1870	"B. B. Hunter, R. E. Adams and H. L. Barnett"	Diseases of nursery seedlings associated with Cylindrocladium and Fusarium at the Parsons State Nursery in West Virginia	"Fungi were isolated from the soil and from tissue of diseased nursery seedlings (mostly exhibiting small and black discoloured root systems) by several techniques, yearly, from 1968 to 76. Species frequently found in root and stem tissue of black walnut [Juglans nigra], yellow-poplar [Liriodendron tulipifera], and white, red, and Virginia pines [Pinus strobus, P. resinosa and P. virginiana respectively] were C. floridanum, C. scoparium, and Fusarium spp. Fusarium spp. were also found in autumn olive [Elaeagnus umbellata], red and chestnut oaks [Quercus rubra and Q. prinus], black locust [Robinia pseudoacacia] and Norway spruce [Picea abies]. F. monoliforme, F. oxysprum and F. roseum were routinely found in soil, and a geranium baiting technique also isolated C. floridanum C. scoparium and less frequently, C. crotalariae and C. parvum."
1055	"F. Kodoi, H.-S. Lee, N. Uechi and J. Yukawa"	Occurrence of Obolodiplosis robiniae (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) in Japan and South Korea	"A gall midge species forming leaf margin roll galls on Robinia pseudoacacia L. (Fabaceae) was newly found in Japan and South Korea. Based on morphological features, this gall midge was identified as Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldemann), which is native to eastern North America. There was no sequential variation among five individuals from Japan and South Korea. Since R. pseudoacacia is an alien plant, this gall midge is likely to have entered Japan and South Korea from North America."
416	"C. M. Brady, M. K. Asplen, N. Desneux, G. E. Heimpel, K. R. Hopper, C. R. Linnen, K. M. Oliver, J. A. Wulff and J. A. White"	Worldwide Populations of the Aphid Aphis craccivora Are Infected with Diverse Facultative Bacterial Symbionts	"Facultative bacterial endosymbionts can play an important role in the evolutionary trajectory of their hosts. Aphids (Hemiptera: Aphididae) are infected with a wide variety of facultative endosymbionts that can confer ecologically relevant traits, which in turn may drive microevolutionary processes in a dynamic selective environment. However, relatively little is known about how symbiont diversity is structured in most aphid species. Here, we investigate facultative symbiont species richness and prevalence among worldwide populations of the cowpea aphid, Aphis craccivora Koch. We surveyed 44 populations of A. craccivora, and detected 11 strains of facultative symbiotic bacteria, representing six genera. There were two significant associations between facultative symbiont and aphid food plant: the symbiont Arsenophonus was found at high prevalence in A. craccivora populations collected from Robinia sp. (locust), whereas the symbiont Hamiltonella was almost exclusively found in A. craccivora populations from Medicago sativa (alfalfa). Aphids collected from these two food plants also had divergent mitochondrial haplotypes, potentially indicating the formation of specialized aphid lineages associated with food plant (host-associated differentiation). The role of facultative symbionts in this process remains to be determined. Overall, observed facultative symbiont prevalence in A. craccivora was lower than that of some other well-studied aphids (e.g., Aphis fabae and Acyrthosiphon pisum), possibly as a consequence of A. craccivora's almost purely parthenogenetic life history. Finally, most (70 %) of the surveyed populations were polymorphic for facultative symbiont infection, indicating that even when symbiont prevalence is relatively low, symbiont-associated phenotypic variation may allow population-level evolutionary responses to local selection."
822	"A. Sharma, A. Sood and T. D. Verma"	Insect-pests associated with Robinia pseudoacacia in the agroforestry system in mid-hill regions of Himachal Pradesh	"Robinia pseudoacacia commonly called 'Black locust' is an exotic tree which was introduced in the country in the late nineteenth century and the plantations done in Shimla forests did well. It is becoming an important component of agroforestry systems in mid-hill regions, especially in Solan District of Himachal Pradesh. It is valued for leaf fodder, timber and as honeybee flora. Being an exotic tree, it is not having its traditional pests but some insects have been encountered feeding on different parts of this tree. Among them, Chaffer beetles were found to feed profusely on the foliage of this tree and take heavy toll of the leaves. Cyclopelta siecifolia (Hemiptera : Pentatomidae) was recorded to be the major pest associated with this tree. Its nymphs and adults were observed to suck the sap profusely from the stem and branches of the tree. Another pentatomid bug Nezara viridula was found to feed on the leaves of R. pseudoacacia. Bagrada cruciferarum adults were also encountered feeding on the leaves. Some other pests of minor importance were also observed to feed on this tree."
1380	P. Huemer	The extension of the distribution of two leaf-mining moth pests of Robinia to Austria	"Notes are provided on the biology, injuriousness and distribution of Phyllonorycter robiniella and Parectopa robiniella on Robinia pseudoacacia in Austria. Both were found there in 1992."
1150	G. Halasz	Fungi associated with the decline of black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.) plantations in Hungary	"From the pathological material of black locust trees showing the symptoms of wilting of the foliage or canker of the bark the following fungi species was isolated: Cucurbitaria elongata (Fr.) Grev., anamorph: Camarosporium robiniae (Westend.) Sacc., Diaporthe oncostoma (Duby) Fuck., anamorph: Phomopsis oncostoma Hohn., Nectria cinnabarina (Tode. ex Fr.), anamorph: Tubercularia vulgaris Tode., Fusarium avenaceum (Fr.) Sacc., Fusarium lateritium Nees., Fusarium semitectum Berk. and Rav., Fusarium solani (Mart.) Sacc., Fusarium sulphureum Schlecht. (syn. Fusarium sambucinum Fuckel f. 6 Wollenw.), Massaria anomia (Fr.) Petrak, Verticillium sp. The results of the provocation infections of one-year old black locust seedlings showed that only Massaria anomia and Fusarium solani has insignificant pathogenecity on this tree species. In the cases of Nectria cinnabarina and Fusarium sulphureum the shoot above the point of inoculation died in 2-4 weeks in the case of 30% of the seedlings infected with Nectria cinnabarina. In the case of Fusarium sulphureum the rate of the dead plants was lower, but the withering of lateral shoots was observed on each seedlings infected with this fungus in 2 weeks. Very often only the apical shoot survived, but the growth rate of this shoots decreased considerably. The dimensions of necrosis in the phloem caused by the infection of this fungus were equivalent to 80 % of the mean plant high. The Fusarium semitectum isolated from withered black locust tree also caused cankers on significant area and were characterized a depressed and very dark-coloured bark. In the terminal season penetration infection were initiated on fresh green shoots and on older bark surfaces without opening a gap into the stem. It was found that Fusarium sulphureum and Fusarium avenaceum were the most successful fungus species among the tested ones to penetrate healthy bark tissues."
917	"S. Prospero, M. Jermini, F. Guidici and D. Rigling"	Do chestnut stakes promote grapevine root rot caused by Armillaria mellea?	"Chestnut (Castanea sativa) stakes were traditionally used in Southern Switzerland as a support for grapevines in vineyards. Despite their high durability and aesthetic role in the vineyard-based landscape, chestnut stakes are being replaced with iron or cement stakes because they were suspected to promote Armillaria root rot (Armillaria mellea). In this experimental study, the ability of A. mellea to colonize chestnut stakes, false acacia (Robinia pseudoacacia) stakes, and Norway spruce (Picea abies) stakes, with and without copper treatment, was investigated. After three years, 30% of the chestnut, 17.5% of the false acacia, and 2.5% of the treated Norway spruce stakes were colonized by A. mellea. Most of the colonized stakes were located near symptomatic or newly planted grapevines that replaced plants killed by A. mellea. The results show that chestnut and false acacia stakes in vineyards affected by Armillaria root rot can effectively be colonized by A. mellea. However, their role in the spread of the disease is still unclear."
635	"K. Kamlesh, P. Anue, C. Sunita, D. Raj, S. V. Bhardwaj, J. A. T. d. Silva and V. Vipasha"	In vitro selection for resistance against Fusarium equisetii in Robinia pseudoacacia L	"The objective of this study was to develop resistance in vitro against Fusarium equisetii in Robinia pseudoacacia L. Callus was induced from cotyledon explants of R. pseudoacacia, a leguminous landscaping tree, on solid MS medium supplemented with different concentrations and combinations of 1-naphthalene acetic acid (NAA; 0.1-0.5 mg/l) and N6-benzyladenine (BA; 0.1-0.3 mg/l). Among them, 1.0 mg/l NAA and 1.0 mg/l BA was the best combination for callus induction, which was friable and light brown. Callus fresh weight increased and turned pale yellow after subculture. The effect of different concentrations of a toxic culture filtrate of Fusarium equisetii (Corda) Sacc. was investigated by plating friable callus on selective medium. Resistant calli were selected at 10% of the culture filtrate on which 15.33% calli survived, although no callus formed at higher concentrations of toxic culture filtrate. Shoots, which regenerated from resistant calli on Murashige and Skoog (MS) medium supplemented with 0.05 mg/l NAA and 0.6 mg/l BA, could root on half-strength MS medium containing 0.02% activated charcoal. Selected resistant plantlets, which survived on 2.5-10% of the culture filtrate compared to the control, showed reduced wilt incidence (approximately 70%) indicating a resistant response in tissues towards F. equisetii."
73	V. Albu and S. Albu	Contributions to the knowledge of the Lepidoptera fauna of Southern Transylvania	"We present here the data of the Lepidoptera species that we encountered in four Southern Transylvania (Romania) districts from 1966 to 2017. These were: Brasov, Covasna, Hunedoara and Sibiu. During this interval we identified 641 species in this area. Coleophora chalcogrammella, Wheeleria obsoletus, Hellinsia tephradactyla, Cadra cautella and Euchromius ocellea are first records for the region of Transylvania. We document the presence of the black locust leaf miner Parectopa robiniella from multiple, characteristic leaf mines found at Silica Veche, Brasov, as well as that of the horse chestnut leaf miner Cameraria ohridella in Brasov, from muliple leaf mines and adult moths."
1066	P. Navone	Occurrence of a nearctic Hymenoptera Eulophidae belonging to the genus Achrysocharoides (Hymenoptera Eulophidae) on Phyllonorycter robiniella (Clemens) in Italy	"The occurrence of a nearctic Hymenoptera Eulophidae belonging to the genus Achrysocharoides is reported. For the first time the parasitoid was collected in Italy from Phyllonorycter robiniella (Clemens) on Robinia pseudoacacia L. Presently, the collected specimens are ascribed to the species A. gahani Miller; however, the possibility that these specimens could belong to a new species, only strictly related to the previous one, is here discussed. Preliminary data on morphology and biology of this endoparasitoid are given. The report of this natural enemy of Ph. robiniella is new for both palaearctic and nearctic fauna and opens promising perspectives of biological control in the biocoenosis of black locust in Europe."
1113	"D. Battaglia, G. Mele and G. Gobbi"	Metcalfa has also arrived in Basilicata	"M. pruinosa was accidentally introduced in Italy for the first time in 1979. The first occurrence of colonies of M. pruinosa at the beginning of July 2002 is reported from Basilicata. Infestations were observed in the forest of Pantano di Policoro with native species white poplar [Populus alba], elm [Ulmus], ash (Fraxinus oxycarpa [ F. angustifolia]), black alder [Alnus glutinosa] and white willow [Salix alba], and introduced species such as locust tree [Robinia pseudoacacia] and American poplar. The release of the parasitoid Neodryinus typhlocybae is discussed."
144	"J. A. White, J. S. McCord, K. A. Jackson, A. C. Dehnel and P. A. Lenhart"	Differential aphid toxicity to ladybeetles is not a function of host plant or facultative bacterial symbionts	"1. Herbivores often defend themselves from predation by transmitting toxic plant-produced chemicals to their enemies. Polyphagous herbivores sometimes exhibit differential toxicity when found on various host plant species, which is generally assumed to reflect variation in plant chemistry. 2. Here, however, we provide evidence that host-associated herbivore lineages can intrinsically differ in their toxic properties. Lineages of Aphis craccivora originating from black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia) are unsuitable food for the ladybeetle Harmonia axyridis, resulting in death of both larvae and adults, whereas aphid lineages originating from alfalfa (Medicago sativa) support larval development and adult reproduction. We show that locust-origin aphids remain toxic and alfalfa-origin aphids remain non-toxic when reared on any of three legume plants (fava, alfalfa or locust). 3. Furthermore, toxicity is not a function of the facultative bacterial symbiont Arsenophonus, which is naturally present in locust-origin aphid lineages and facilitates aphid use of locust. Experimentally cured locust-origin lineages remain toxic, and an experimentally transinfected alfalfa-origin lineage remains non-toxic to H. axyridis. 4. Instead, Arsenophonus plays an indirect role in the distribution of toxic aphid lineages by facilitating aphid use of locust. It is the parthenogenetic coinheritance of Arsenophonus and the toxic trait that observationally correlates locust-feeding with toxicity in A. craccivora, rather than host plant chemistry per se. 5. Our results clearly demonstrate that aphid lineages intrinsically vary in their toxic properties in a way that neither plant chemistry nor bacterial symbionts can explain. A more inclusive paradigm is needed for understanding variation in herbivore defence against predators."
1480	"O. I. Ozino, A. Lamberti and P. Ferrazzi"	Action of Beauveria bassiana (Bals.) Vuill. on Parectopa robiniella Clemens in field tests	"Beauveria bassiana was isolated from mature larvae of the gracillariid Parectopa robiniella, a leaf miner of Robinia pseudoacacia, in Italy. In field infection tests, the fungus was found to be effective against the pest, causing 34.8, 33.3 and 33.3% mortality of larvae 1, 5 and 7 months after treatment, resp. Its action appeared to be influenced by the inoculum level. The fungus was found to be persistent throughout the 7-month test period."
1620	G. W. F. Sewell and A. L. Roberts	Replant diseases of hardy ornamentals	"Reciprocal planting of 4 spp. in their respective soils indicated host specialisation in Olpidium brassicae (a common root inhabitant of Malus, Robinia and Tilia) and Thielaviopsis basicola (abundant in some Robinia and Tilia samples). Tilia was ectomycorrhizal, but only when grown on its own soil. The effects of soil treatment with dazomet and dazomet + formalin were examined for 8 ornamental spp. in nursery plots."
1030	L. K. Rieske	Age-specific host utilization in the eastern tent caterpillar (Lepidoptera : Lasiocampidae)	"Larval growth and survival of the eastern tent caterpillar, Malacosoma americana F, was assessed on its preferred host, black cherry (Prunus serotina Ehrhart), black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.), hackberry (Celtis occidentalis L.), white oak (Quercus alba L.), and white pine (Pinus strobus L.), and on the herbaceous biennial poison hemlock (Conium maculatum L.). Larvae grew largest and had the greatest pupation and survival rates when fed black cherry and white oak. They did not grow well on black locust or white pine, but survival rates were relatively high, suggesting that both plant species could potentially serve to sustain tent caterpillar populations. Growth and survival was so low on hackberry and poison hemlock that they pose little chance of sustaining outbreaking caterpillar populations."
1387	M. Pilotti and M. Barba	Robinia mosaic virus: a new cucumovirus in Italy	"A virus was isolated from Robinia pseudoacacia plants in Italy which showed symptoms of severe mosaic and malformation of the leaves and growth reduction. From biological, morphological and serological tests, the virus was identified as robinia mosaic virus, a distinct strain of peanut stunt cucumovirus (PSV). The experimental reproduction of the symptoms showed that the virus was the causal agent of the disease. This is the first report of this strain of PSV in Italy."
1764	R. P. Georgevits	Seed insects of Robinia pseudoacacia	"Studies were carried out in southern Greece between 1977 and 1980 on Bruchophagus mutabilis Nikol'skaya, Etiella zinckenella (Treitschke) and Ectomyelois ceratoniae (Zell.) on seeds of Robinia pseudoacacia. B. mutabilis was new to the Greek fauna and the other 2 species had not previously been reported to infest R. pseudoacacia. B. mutabilis had 2 generations per year, the adults of the 1st emerging from the previous year's seeds between mid-May and mid-June, and those of the 2nd generation from the current year's seeds from the end of June to the end of July. The larvae of the 2nd generation overwintered in seeds. Etiella zinckenella also had 2 generations per year, but only one developed on R. pseudoacacia, and the larvae of this generation were also found in husks of Colutea arborescens and Spartium junceum. The 1st adult flight took place from mid-May to mid-June, and adults of the 2nd generation appeared from mid-July onwards. The larvae fed only on unripe, green seeds. Ectomyelois ceratoniae had 2 generations per year, both of which developed on R. pseudoacacia. Adult emergence took place in May-June and September-October. The larvae fed only on hard, ripe seeds remaining on the trees in previous years' husks, and pupation took place inside the husks. Control experiments were carried out against B. mutabilis and Etiella zinckenella, which could destroy a large percentage of unripe seeds, and it was found that Carbevin [of unstated composition] was effective against E. zinckenella larvae and B. mutabilis adults when applied at 0.3%, while diflubenzuron (Dimilin) applied at 0.02% was effective only against E. zinckenella larvae. The application of Carbevin and diflubenzuron at the beginning of June reduced the number of damaged seeds by 4.0 and 13.3%, respectively, 3 weeks after spraying. B. mutabilis was parasitised by the eulophid Tetrastichus aneurytus Erdos and the eupelmid Eupelmus urozonus Dalm."
893	"Z.-Q. Yang, X.-R. Qiao, W.-J. Bu, Y.-X. Yao, X. Yan and Y.-S. Han"	"First discovery of an important invasive insect pest, Obolodiplosis robiniae (Diptera : Cecidomyiidae) in China"	"An important invasive insect pest, locust gall midge Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldemann) (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae), was newly discovered from China. Native to North America, this species attacks leaf of black locust tree, Robinia pseudoacacia L. As one characteristic of infestation, its larvae (usually 3 - 8 individuals) gregariously feed inside the longitudinal rolling gall along the edges of leaf. In Qinhuangdao City of Hebei Province and Jinzhou, Anshan, Huludao and Chaoyang cities of Liaoning Province, its attacking rate on black locust trees were about 100%. The pest threats the health of R. pseudoacacia which has been planted in large areas in China. Strict quarantine, study on its biology and control measures are necessary in order to block its spread and damages."
1656	M. T. Ialongo	An Erysiphaceae new to Italy: Microsphaera pseudoacaciae (Marcenko) U. Braun	"The fungus, recorded on Robinia pseudoacacia, is described."
1000	E. d. Marino	Phomopsis arnoldiae. Stem canker on Bohemian olive	"Information is included on the wide distribution of Phomopsis sp. worldwide and host range (conifer species, such as fir and cypress, Canadian poplar, Rosaceae and Robinia). Recommendations are provided on disease prevention and control including planting of healthy trees, removal and elimination of infected plant parts, and chemical treatments with formulations based on copper applied after leaf fall. Twig canker, severe necrosis of branches, and chlorosis, wilting and drying of leaves were observed on Bohemian olive (Elaeagnus angustifolia) growing within an experimental plantation of walnut trees in Arezzo, Italy, in 2002. The causal agent was identified as P. arnoldiae. The importance of use of healthy propagation material, eradication of diseased plant parts and chemical control is emphasized."
642	M. Skuhrava and V. Skuhravy	"Gall midges (Cecidomyiidae, Diptera) of Corsica (France)"	"During investigations in June 2008 at 10 localities, situated from the seaside up to altitude of 1000 m, we found 47 gall midge species of which 34 are new records for Corsica. The present gall midge fauna of Corsica includes 63 species. At individual localities, four to eighteen species were found, with the average 9,8 species per locality. The highest species number (18 species) was found at Venaco in the central part of Corsica. Most of gall midges belong to phytophagous species, except two species - Mycodiplosis melampsorae (Rubsaamen, 1889) and Trotteria obtusa (Loew, 1845). The gall midge fauna is formed of 37 % Mediterranean and sub-Mediterranean, 41 % European and 19 %, Euro-Siberian species. The gall midge fauna of Corsica is similar to the faunal composition of Sicily, Corfu and Sardinia. Dasineura gleditchiae (Osten Sacken, 1866) galling leaflets of Gleditsia triacanthos and Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman, 1847) galling leaflets of Robinia pseudoacacia are alien species originated from North America. Gall midges are associated with 47 host plant species belonging to 22 plant families. Fagaceae is the plant family with the highest number of associated gall midge species (13 species). Quercus pubescens is the host plant with the highest number of gall midge species (five species). Wachtliella ericina (F. Low, 1885) causing galls on Erica arborea, found at 19 localities, is the most frequent gall midge species in Corsica. An annotated list of gall midge species and a list of host plant species attacked by gall midges are given."
1304	H. Chen and R. Qi	Reproductive characteristics of Cydia trasias and its control with sex attractant	"Cydia trasias is an important pest insect on the Chinese scholartree [Robinia pseudoacacia]. Observations in the laboratory showed that it mated only once. The sex ratio was 1:1. In trials with traps suspended at 1.0 - 1.5 m from the periphery of canopy in late May, sex attractant gave control of 66.87%. This method was applied extensively in 1993-95 to protect R. pseudoacacia against the pest."
1027	P. Navone and L. Tavella	"Obolodiplosis robiniae, a pest of the false acacia"	"The presence of pseudo galls on the leaves of the false acacia (Robinia pseudoacacia) was observed for the first time in Piedmont in 2004. It is already widespread in the Po valley, Emilia Romagna and Friuli-Venezia-Giulia. Parasitoids have been observed in those areas and also other evidence of predators of .O. robiniae. It is concluded that a watch should be kept to monitor any further spread, but no other measures are needed at present."
1449	P. Trematerra and G. B. Serini	"On the biology of Phyllonorycter robiniellus (Clemens) (Lepidoptera, Gracillariidae), leaf miner of Robinia pseudoacacia L"	"The biology of Phyllonorycter robiniellus [P. robiniella], a leaf miner of Robinia pseudoacacia, was studied in Lombardy, Italy, in 1988-90. The pest had 4.5 overlapping generations each year between the 2nd half of June and mid-October. Photographs showing the symptoms of damage caused to R. pseudoacacia by infestations of the pest are included. The distribution of P. robiniella in Europe and the intensity of its presence in Italy are reported."
1433	M. P. Smith and E. M. Barrows	"EFFECTS OF LARVAL CASE SIZE AND HOST PLANT-SPECIES ON CASE INTERNAL TEMPERATURE IN THE BAGWORM, THYRIDOPTERYX-EPHEMERAEFORMIS (HAWORTH) (LEPIDOPTERA, PSYCHIDAE)"	"We examined the internal temperatures of cases of bagworms, Thyridopteryx ephemeraeformis, that fed on and made cases from Juniperus chinensis pfitzeriana, J. virginiana, and Robinia pseudoacacia. Case size and host-plant species affected case internal temperatures during heating under laboratory conditions. Case size affected case internal temperature of bagworms from R. pseudoacacia that were heated by the sun outdoors."
1613	"Y. S. Kim, J. K. Chai and J. W. Bang"	"Damage to Korean hardwoods by powder-post beetle, Lyctus brunneus"	"Of the 88 tree species from southern Korea investigated, 24 were attacked by L. brunneus. The following were severely attacked: Celtis sinensis, Robinia pseudoacacia, Albizia julibrissin, Gleditsia japonica, Rhus sylvestris, Sapindus mukorossi and Meliosma myriantha."
1959	"E. Punithalingam, J. M. Waller and C. A. B. I. Uk"	Botryosphaeria obtusa. Descriptions of Fungi and Bacteria	"A description is provided for Botryosphaeria obtusa. Information is included on the disease caused by the organism, its transmission, geographical distribution, and hosts. HOSTS: On Malus and Vitis. Also on Acer, Alnus, Amygdalus, Artemisia, Betula, Citrus, Crataegus, Cupressus, Diospyros, Eriobotrya, Hicoria, Juniperus, Liquidambar, Liriodendron, Lucuma, Magnolia, Melia, Nannorrhops, Nerium, Pinus, Platanus, Prunus, Rhamnus, Ribes, Robinia, Rubus, Salix, Sassafras, Tectona, Ulmus, Viburnum, Yucca. DISEASE: Causes canker and dieback on pomaceous fruits and grapevine but can live saprophytically on dead wood and bark of many woody plants. On apple, B. obtusa is responsible for three diseases: a canker (New York apple tree canker or black-rot canker); frog-eye leaf spot; and black-rot of the fruit. Cankers start as small elliptical areas of discoloured wood, often with a peripheral crack; as they grow the bark becomes roughened and black pycnidial pustules protrude. Diseased branches and twigs can be girdled and killed. Leaf spots begin as small, circular, purple spots which increase in size, developing a light brown centre, the typical 'frog-eye' symptom. Extensive defoliation may result if this stage of the disease is severe. The fruit rot usually commences at a wound or at the calyx as a dark spot, which spreads to envelope the whole fruit. Diseased fruits are firm and black but eventually shrivel and become mummified. GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION: Widespread in the temperate areas; Europe, Southern Africa, North and South America, India, Japan, New Guinea, Western Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand. TRANSMISSION: The fungus can over-winter on mummified fruit, cankers, dead twigs and secondary hosts. Conidia and ascospores are mostly dispersed by rain-splash and perhaps by insects. Spore release is affected by relative humidity and temperature and dispersal is stimulated by night-time rain (50, 735)."
775	M. Pernek and D. Matosevic	"BLACK LOCUST GALL MIDGE (Obolodiplosis robiniae), NEW PEST ON BLACK LOCUST TREES AND FIRST RECORD OF PARASITOID Platygaster robinae IN CROATIA"	"Black locust gall midge (Obolodiplosis robiniae) (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) is the most recent invasive species ill Europe originating, like its host plant, from North America. It started its quick spread in Europe in 2003 from the Veneto region in Italy where it was first found. Platygaster robiniae (Hymenoptera: Platygastridae), parasitoid of the midge was first described as species in 2008. In the researches of the black locust gall midge only one record was given for Croatia (in 2006) but without details. The aim of this research was to record the distribution, biology, parasitoids and damages of this newly introduced insect species in Croatia. The presence of black locust gall midge was recorded by inspection of black locust leaves oil the following localities: the greater surrounding of Zagreb, Jastrebarsko, northwestern (Durmanec, Lepoglava, Ivanec), submediterranean (island Krk) and mediterranean (surrounding of Zadar) part of Croatia (Table 1). The presence of larvae and parasiotids in galls was researched oil the sites in Zagreb. On 9 July 2008 a sample of 20 black locust leaves was taken from 3 trees and analised. Galls (Figure 1) with white (Figure 2) and yellow larvae (Figure 3) were found oil the leaves. White larvae are young and yellow older instars. In the sample of 20 leaves i.e. 251 leaflets of black locust 599 galls were found which is 2,3 galls oil average per leaflet. Total number of larvae was 1183 or 2 larvae oil average per gall, out of which yellow larve (916) were numerous than white (82) (Table 2). Parasitised larve (Figure 4) and cocoons of parasitoid Platygaster robiniae (Figure 5) were found ill galls. The percentage of parasitism of black locust gall midge in the sample was 15,6% (Table 2). The black locust gall midge can be cosidered as a new invasive species in Europe as well as in Croatia. The midge was very probably introduced to Europe with planting material and its main vectors of dispersal in Europe were black locust ornamental plants trade and intensive international vehicle transport. The dispersal in Croatia had two main entries: from Slovenia and Hungary for the continental part and from Italy for the Mediterranean part. The observations of the black locus midge biology in the northwestern Croatia in 2008 have not shown the development of new generation after July. The last larvae in galls were found on 9 July. Our own observations and different data oil overwintering of other researchers have shown a need for more researches of the various aspects of black locust midge biology (number of generations, overwintering). In the galls of the black locust gall midge the parasitised larvae (Figure 4) and cocoons of parasitoid Platygaster robiniae (Figure 5) were found oil all localities of research in Croatia. This is the first record of this species ill Croatia. From the percentage of parasitism of 15,6% it call be presumed that the midge is present in Croatia for several years (which confirms the record from 2006) and that the parasitoid has successfully adapted itself to the new pest. In the next year a more intensive spread of black locust gall midge in Croatia can be expected, but also a multiple rise in parasitism levels. Black locust gall midge makes distinctive damages on leaflets of black locust - galls (Figure 1). Numerous galls oil leaflets influence the assimilation process and can cause premature leaf drop. The galls influence the aestethic value of black locust ornamental plants. The estimation of damages caused by the midge vary considerably in Europaean countries. Black locust is not all important forest species in Croatia so the black locust gall midge is not considered as important forest pests. Aesthetic damages call be expected on ornamental plants."
1090	M. Bandte and C. Buttner	Occurrence of virus diseases in parks and public gardens	"Data were given on the occurrence of Arabis mosaic virus, Apple mosaic virus, Brome mosaic virus, Cherry leafroll virus, Elm mosaic virus, Poplar mosaic virus, Robinia true mosaic virus, Tobacco necrosis virus, Tobamoviruses and Ringspot viruses on deciduous trees and shrubs (Acer, Aesculus, Betula, Carpinus, Cornus, Fagus, Fraxinus, Juglans, Populus, Quercus, Rhamnus, Robinia, Salix, Sambucus, Sorbus and Ulmus) grown in urban parks and public gardens of Europe."
1313	H. Kuang	Three new species of Phyllocoptinae from China (Acari: Eriophyidae)	"This paper reports three new species of Phyllocoptinae. The length unit is in micron. All type specimens are deposited in the Nanjing Agricultural University. Epitrimerus spirae sp. nov. (figs. 1-5) This new species close to E. granulatus Keifer, but differ from the latter in, the admedian and submedian line don't appear dotted shape; tergite smooth; the number of tergites and sternites about similar. Holotype female , allotype male , paratypes 4 female female 5 male male , Mt. Changbai Shan, Jilin, 2000m, July 30,1987, coil. by Hong Xiao-yue. Host: Spiraea salicifolia. Tetra heilongjingensis sp. nov. (figs. 6-11) This new species is similar to T. rhamni Roivanen, but differs from the latter in the following combination of characters: Coxa with short fluctuate stripe; featherclaw 4-rayed. Holotype female , allotype male , paratypes 2 female female 7 male male , Jingpo Hu, Heilongjiang, Province, 350m, Aug. 2, 1987, coil. by Hong Xiao-yue. Host: Rhamnus davurica. Vasates jilinensis sp. nov. (figs. 12-17) This new species resembles V. robiniae (Nalepa), the main distinctions are: tergistes 45-50; coxa with stripe design; featherclaw 6-rayed. Holotype female , allotype male , paratypes 5 female female , Mt. Changbai Shan, Jilin, 2000m, July 30, 1987, coil. by Hong Xiao-yue. Host: Robinia pseudoacacia."
1271	K. U. Geis	North American sapwood beetle conquers new territory in Germany	"A note is given on the increasing spread of the introduced beetle Lyctus cavicollis in southern Germany. It attacks native and exotic broadleaved species (e.g. oak [Quercus], ash [Fraxinus], elm [Ulmus], plane [Platanus], robinia [Robinia pseudoacacia], walnut [Juglans regia], cherry [Prunus]) and has also been found on some tropical timbers. It appears likely to become a greater pest than Lyctus brunneus."
1039	"H. Pospieszny, M. Jonczyk and N. Borodynko"	Characterization of Polish isolates of bet ringspot virus from black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia L.)	"From naturally infected black locust (R. pseudoacacia), 15 isolates of beet ringspot virus (BRSV) were obtained. The isolates of BRSV were identified by ELISA using the antisera TBRV-ED and TBRV-S. The Polish isolates of BRSV were differentiated by host range, symptoms and genetic variability."
1086	M. Greatti and R. Barbattini	Metcalfa infestation and honey production. A method of estimation	"The honeydew produced by the plant pest Metcalfa pruinosa is particularly attractive to honey bees; they gather it from the plants onto which it has been secreted and transform it into a dark honey. During 1997-99, observations on the insect pest were made from June to August at 5 locations in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, NE Italy, in order to develop a practical method of estimating infestation levels and, hence, the potential for honeydew honey production. The plant species infested and the level and persistence of infestation were monitored. Favoured host plants were Rubus caesius, Robinia pseudoacacia and Cornus sanguinea. This last species was mainly attacked by juveniles, infestation reaching a maximum by the middle of June. From late June, the adults tended to infest the other 2 species. A method of sampling branches at various distances from hives was developed. In order to produce an average of 30 kg of honeydew honey per hive, at least 80% of R. caesius and R. pseudoacacia samples had to be infested with colonies of around 40 and 30 adults, respectively."
1110	"J. Lazarevic, V. Peric-Mataruga, B. Stojkovic and N. Tucic"	Adaptation of the gypsy moth to an unsuitable host plant	"The pattern of adaptation with regard to life history traits and traits thought to be important in feeding habits of caterpillars in two populations of the gypsy moth (Lymantria dispar L.; Lepidoptera: Lymantriidae) originating from the locust tree (Robinia pseudoacacia; Fabaceae) and oak (Quercus petrea; Fagaceae) forests were investigated in the laboratory. The Robinia population has experienced unsuitable locust tree leaves as an exclusive food resource for more than 40 years. Since Quercus species are the principal host plants of the gypsy moth, the specific objectives of this study have been to measure the extent of differentiation between ancestral and derived populations in several life history traits (egg-to-adult viability, duration of larval and pupal stages, and pupal weight) and nutritional indices - relative growth rate (RGR), relative consumption rate (RCR), assimilation efficiency (AD), gross growth efficiency (ECI), and net growth efficiency (ECD). Significant differences between the Quercus and Robinia populations were detected in pupal duration, RGR, RCR, and AD. The presence of a significant population x host interaction in traits such as preadult viability, duration of pupal stage, RGR, and ECI suggests that adaptation of the gypsy moth to the unsuitable host might be ongoing. Using a full-sib design, we screened for genetic variation in life history traits within both populations, and examined the genetic correlations of performance across oak and locust leaves within both populations. The genetic variances for analyzed life history traits were lower under conditions that are commonly encountered in nature. Our data show that positive cross-host genetic correlations preponderate within both populations."
1045	J. M. McCann and D. M. Harman	"Avian predation on immature stages of the locust borer, Megacyllene robiniae (Forster) (Coleoptera : Cerambycidae)"	"Avian predation on the locust borer, Megacyllene robiniae (Forster), was studied in 15 black locust (Robinia pseudoacacia Linnaeus) stands in western Maryland during 1987-88. Only woodpeckers were observed in the act of predation, but other avian species could not be discounted in assessment of past predation. The overall predation rate was low, ranging from just 0-1.7%, except in one stand where birds depredated 20% of the borers over a 2-year period. Birds focused their attacks on late instar larvae and pupae, the largest life stages. There was no evidence of predation on the much smaller, overwintering first instar larvae. Intensity of predation was related directly to larval and, especially, pupal density. Predation was more common in relatively small, unhealthy trees and in small trunks and branches. Most predation was attributed to hairy woodpeckers (Picoides villosus Linnaeus), based in part on direct observations and excavation characteristics. The overall low predation was likely due to a complex of factors that limited numerical and functional predatory responses to locust borers, including predator territorial behavior and seasonal shifts in foraging patterns, relatively low borer density, and black locust tree characteristics that could impede foraging (e.g., large thorns)."
937	"J. H. Bang, J.-K. Choi and S. Y. Lee"	Characterization of Peanut stunt virus Isolated from Black Locust Tree (Robiniapseudo-acacia L.)	"An isolate of Peanut stunt virus (PSV) isolated fromblack locust tree (Robinia pseudo-acacia L.) showingsevere mosaic and malformation symptoms, was designatedas PSV-Rp. PSV-Rp was characterized by the testsof host range, physical properties, RNA and coatprotein composition and RT-PCR analysis. Nucleotidesequences of the cucumoviruses CP genes were alsoused for identification and differentiation of PSV-Rp.Six plant species were used in the host range test ofPSV-Rp. PSV-Rp could be differentiated from eachCucumovirus strain used as a control by symptoms ofthe plants. The physical properties of PSV-Rp viruswere TIP 65oC, DEP 103, and LIP 2~3 days. In dsRNAanalysis, PSV-Rp consisted of four dsRNAs, but satelliteRNA was not detected. Analysis of the coat proteins bySDS-PAGE showed one major protein band of about 31kDa. RT-PCR using a part of Cucumovirus RNA3specific primer amplified ~950bp DNA fragments fromthe crude sap of virus-infected black locust leaves. RFLPanalysis of the RT-PCR product could differentiat PSVRpfrom CMV. The nucleotide sequence identitybetween the PSV-Rp CP and the TAV-P CP genes andthe PS-V-RP CP and CMV-Y CP genes were 61.6% and40.5%, respectively. On the other hand, the nucleotidesequence identity of the PSV-Rp CP gene was 70.9%~73.4% in comparison with those of PSV subgroup I(PSV-ER and PSV-J) and 67.3% with that of PSVsubgroup II (PSV-W). Especially, the nucleotide sequenceidentity of PSV-Rp CP gene and that of PSV-Mi thatwas proposed recently as the type member of a novelPSV subgroup III was 92.4%."
1837	P. S. Agafonova and G. A. Timchenko	The use of the virin-ENSh preparation against Lymantria dispar	"Virin-ENSh is a virus preparation produced in the Ukraine for control of L. dispar. In April 1976 trials were made to treat the egg-clutches of L. dispar in an infection focus in a 30-year-old stand of Robinia pseudoacacia, and in May 1976 9-year-old plantations of oak suffering from attack by L. dispar larvae were treated with suspensions of 106, 5 X 106, and 107 polyhedra/ml. The results of the treatments are discussed, and show that virin-ENSh gives effective control with both types of treatment."
624	"M. Kristenova, A. Exnerova and P. Stys"	Seed preferences of Pyrrhocoris apterus (Heteroptera: Pyrrhocoridae): Are there specialized trophic populations?	"The populations of the firebug Pyrrhocoris apterus (Heteroptera: Pyrrhocoridae) in Europe exhibit three kinds of host plant associations: feeding on seeds of (1) Tilia spp. (Tiliaceae), (2) Malvaceae (s. str.), and (3) Robinia pseudacacia (Fabaceae). The three host plant taxa often grow in different habitats and localities. We have tested the hypothesis that P. apterus forms on different host plants specialised \trophic populations\"" which also influence its food preference. We have collected P. apterus from localities with Tilia platyphyllos, Malva neglecta or Robinia pseudacacia as host plants and tested their preferences in a multiple choice test involving seeds of Tilia cordata, T. platyphyllos, Althaea officinalis, Alcea rosea and Robinia pseudacacia. The original host plant of P. apterus population had no influence on food preferences. However, the preferences differed between adults and the third instar larvae. The adults preferred seeds of Robinia pseudacacia followed by Althaea officinalis, while the preferences of larvae were less pronounced and ranked in order Althaea officinalis, Robinia pseudacacia, and Tilia platyphyllos. Existence of trophic populations of P. apterus was not confirmed by our experiment. Durations of feeding were longer on preferred species of seeds in both adults and larvae."""
1147	J. Toth	Casually transferred and new forest pests in Hungary	"Over the last 100 yr, 12 potential forest insect pests have been introduced into Hungary. The means by which this has happened are discussed, and a list given of the pests by year of introduction, with brief information on each. The pests are: Stictocephala bisonia, from America, in 1912; Quadraspidiotus perniciosus [Diaspidiotus perniciosus], the Californian scale insect, in 1928; Hyphantria cunea, the American fall webworm, in 1940; Antheraea yamamai, the Japanese oak silkworm, in 1960; Coleotechnites piceaella, the American spruce needle miner from North America, in 1970; Physokermes inominatus [Physokermes inopinatus], a conifer scale insect from Austria, in 1973; Corythuca ciliate [Corythucha ciliata], the sycamore [Platanus] lace bug from North America, in 1976; Parectopa robiniella, the North American black locust [Robinia pseudoacacia] leaf miner, in 1983; and Cameraria ohridella, the horse chestnut (Aesculus hippocastanum) leaf miner, in 1993."
1975	C. Vidano and A. Sommatis	European distribution of the black locust leaf miner Parectopa robiniella Clemens	Pest of Robinia pseudoacacia.
2530	M. Makslmovic	"An addendum to the biology of Lecanium species and their enemies on Robinia, Oak and Plum"	"The Lecanium species (probably L. pulchrum) found on Oak differs from that found on Robinia and Plum (L. coryli), in that the ascent takes place earlier and the descent later, the average size of the hibernating larvae is less, the development of the fixed larvae is more rapid, and the species is less subject to parasite attack. The part played by Brachytarsus nebulosus, Coccinella septempunctula, C. bipunctata, Exohomus quadripustulatus, and an unidentified wasp, in reducing the numbers of Lecanium is discussed. KEYWORDS: insect pests \ Robinia pseudoacacia insect \ insect pests \ Hemiptera \ Sternorrhyncha"
325	"Z. Liu, X. Lu, W. Ning, R. Li, D. Zhao and W. Guo"	Effects of seven species of forest plants on feeding and fecundity of Holotrichia oblita	"To clarify the feeding preferences of Holotrichia oblita (Faldermann), improve the indoor artificial breeding technology and provide materials for the trap plants, the influences of seven species of forest plants on feeding and fecundity of H. oblita with Arachis hypogaea L. as control were studied. The results showed that the average daily consumption of H. oblita to the leaves of the eight species plants were as followed; Ligustrumx vicaryi, Robinia pseucdoacacia, Juglans regia, Ulmus pumila, A. hypogaea, Salix matsudana, Toona sinensis and Populus tomentosa, in descending order. L. vicaryi, T. sinensis, P. tomentosa showed highly significant difference from the control, but the difference between R. pseucdoacacia, J. regia and U. pumila was not significant. The ovoposition per female of H. oblita were as followed: L. vicaryi, S. matsudana, J. regia, T. sinensis, A. hypogaea, U. pumila, P. tomentosa and R. pseucdoacacia, in descending order. L. vicaryi, S. matsudana, J. regia and R. pseucdoacacia showed highly significant difference from the control A. hypogaea, while S. matsudana had no highly significant difference from L. vicaryi. The results indicated that the leaves of L. vicaryi was the suitable feeding plant for H. oblita adults, slightly better than J. regia and S. matsudana, with a highest average daily consumption of 4.70 g, a longest spawning period of 56.00 d and a maximum fecundity per female of 58.88."
500	P. Savill	"Robinia pseudoacacia L. - robinia, black locust, false acacia"	"This chapter provides information about the origin and introduction of Robinia pseudoacacia in Britain. The chapter also gives an account on the climatic and site requirements, other silvicultural characteristics, diseases, natural regeneration, seed production and nursery conditions, provenance and breeding, yield and timber characteristics of the species as well as its place in British forestry."
1612	I. M. Kireeva	Phenetic methods of investigating Lymantria dispar	"Studies in the Ukraine showed that L. dispar occurred in isolated micropopulations, associated with different biotopes (oak, willow, and robinia). The larvae varied in colouring, and 3 phenes were distinguished - grey, rust-red, and with a velvety-black stripe. The percentage frequency of these phenes in the different micropopulations was determined: the grey phene was always the commonest, and the rust-red phene did not occur on willow. Transferring larvae from one food plant to a different species caused changes in the proportions of the phenes. Various physiological features such as larval survival, duration of development, weight of larvae and of pupae, sex ratio, and number of eggs laid also varied between phenes and on different food plants. The frequency of the various phenes at different stages of an outbreak also varied. The use of these findings in forecasting is explained. Control measures should be carried out when the population consists mainly of larvae with the rust-red phene and the velvety-black stripe phene."
223	"R. A. Haleem, K. A. Saedo and B. S. Shareef"	Fungi colonized the roots of seedlings in forest nurseries	"The current study was conducted to isolate and identify fungi associated with roots of nursery plant in forest. Sampling was carried out in two main forest nurseries in Duhok province, Iraq. In Malta nursery, the most frequent fungus isolated from the roots of olive and pine seedlings was Macrophomina phaseolina with a percentage frequency 53% and 33%, respectively. Rhizoctonia solani colonized the root of both walnut (56%) and vertical cypress (39%). Roots of olive were colonized by Trichoderma harzianum (94%) and robenia with Fusarium poae (56%). In Forestry Department nursery, Fusarium species were the dominant fungi in almost all seedlings types. Robinia roots were colonized by Fusarium sp. and M. phaseolina with a percentage frequency of 54%, 38%, respectively. Fusarium poae, Fusarium sp. and F. oxysporum were prevalent on walnut, horizontal cyprees and pine roots with isolation frequency reached up to 33-39%. Other genera isolated from different host in low frequency were Phoma, Verticillium, Aspergillus and Cylindrocarpon. These results indicated that the most common genera colonized the roots of both forest seedlings belongs to different species of Macrophomina, Fusarium and Rhizoctonia."
1237	J. Gaper	"A polypore group as one of the most aggressive fungi, which kill the urban trees"	"The following 11 polypores, found in Slovakia, are regarded as tree pathogens in urban environments as they have been observed on both living and dead trunks and/or branches: Aurantioporus fissilis and Polyporus squamosus on Juglans regia; Bjerkandera adusta, Fomes fomentarius, Phellinus igniarius and Rigidoporus obducens on Aesculus hippocastanum; Ganoderma adspersum on Acer pseudoplatanus and Fraxinus excelsior; Inonotus cuticularis on Acer pseudoplatanus; Phellinus igniarius on Salix fragilis; Phellinus punctatus on Robinia pseudoacacia; Trametes unicolor on Acer saccharinum and Aesculus hippocastanum."
1846	Z. H. Lavits'Ka	DISTRIBUTION IN THE UKRAINIAN-SSR USSR AND SPORULATION BIOLOGY OF PSEUDOVALSA-PROFUSA ON ROBINIA-PSEUDOACACIA	"P. profusa, a saprophyte widespread in the Ukrainian SSR [USSR], was found primarily on fallen branches and rarely in the crown of R. pseudoacacia. Fungal spore morphology is detailed. A feature specific for P. profusa sporulation is the formation of a protective slime around the spores in the asci."
1681	I. Riecken	"Studies on the control of Nectria cinnabarina, the cause of coral spot disease of trees"	"The effectiveness of 15 wound healing preparations against N. cinnabarina was tested by applying them to infected wounds on Acer pseudoplatanus, Robinia pseudoacacia and Tilia tomentosa after pruning. Only ASU 80 055 LWF (containing carbendazim and captan) and Topsin-M [thiophanate] reduced the number of infected wounds. However, these substances are not permitted in the German Federal Republic, so the tests have had to be continued with new preparations which have proved useful against N. cinnabarina in in vitro tests. Increased amounts of N fertilizer encouraged infection, and trees pruned in Sept. had highly significantly lower rates of infection than those pruned in May or Jan."
1251	"O. Marcu, D. Simon and C. Stoica"	Diseases caused by mycoplasmas in woody plants	"Data are tabulated, by species or genus, of symptoms of mycoplasma-induced diseases of woody plants and forest trees in Romania: Ulmus spp., Fraxinus spp., Salix spp., Robinia pseudoacacia, Vaccinium spp., Ribes spp., Rubus spp., Alnus spp., Populus spp., Prunus spp., Sambucus spp., Corylus spp., Crataegus monogyna and Rosa sp."
835	S. Bella	"On the presence of Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman, 1847) in Central-Southern Italy and in Sicily (Diptera Cecidomyiidae)"	"During a survey on insect pests of ornamental plants in Central-Southern Italy and in Sicily, Obolodiplosis robiniae (Haldeman, 1847) has been found on Robinia pseudoacacia L. (Fabaceae). Galls of O. robiniae, containing larvae and pupae, were observed on leaflets of black locust. Moreover, two species of Hymenoptera, belonging to the families Platygastridae and Eulophidae respectively, have been found feeding on O. robiniae larvae, and reaching up to 80% of parasitization."
58	L. M. Hutchins and J. L. Rue	Natural spread of phony disease to apri cot and plum	"Natural spread of phony disease to apri cot and plum | Natural spread of peach phony disease virus to seedling trees of Prunus armeniaca, P. mume, P. hortulana, P. mexicana, and P. angustifolia, at Fort Valley, Georgia, was demonstrated by root grafts to peach from naturally infected trees of these spp. Symptom manifestation was strong in aemenicca, less marked in hortulana and mexicana. and indefinite in mume and angustifolia. Typical symptoms of phony disease developed in all of the root-grafted peach index trees. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: L. M. Hutchins"
57	"L. M. Hutchins, L. C. Cochran, W. F. Turner and J. H. Weinberger"	Transmission of phony disease virus from tops of certain affected peach and plum trees	"Transmission of phony disease virus from tops of certain affected peach and plum trees | In tests conducted at Fort Valley, Ga., and at Brownwood, Texas, transmission of phony disease by scions showed that the virus can exist in the tops of affected trees but that it is not uniformly distributed in the tops. It has long been known that the virus is restricted to the wood. The virus appears to be more generally distributed in the tops of affected plum trees than in those of peach. Formerly it was believed that the phony peach virus was restricted to the roots. Previous failure to transmit the virus from tops of trees may have been due in part to the use of graft combinations in which the wood of the scion died before sufficient union was formed to permit transmission. In the tests in which the virus was transmitted from tops, various graft combinations were made in which the wood cylinders of the infected scions were kept alive until new growth started. Consistent transmission was obtained from scions taken from trees grown from virus-bearing scions; this indicates that when the virus invades the growing point it becomes more uniformly distributed in subsequent tissue and once in the tissue some of it remains there. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: L. M. Hut chins"
56	"Q. Huang, W. B. Li and J. S. Hartung"	Association of Xyella fastidiosa with leaf scorch in Japanese beech bonsai	"Association of Xyella fastidiosa with leaf scorch in Japanese beech bonsai | A disorder was recently observed in a 76-year-old Japanese beech (Fagus crenata) bonsai with symptoms including marginal scorch of leaves bordered by a chlorotic halo, as well as a premature leaf browning and defoliation. Leaf midrib extracts from the affected bonsai reacted with an antiserum specific to Xylella fastidiosa in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. When the total DNA from the leaf midribs of the affected bonsai was extracted and subjected to polymerase chain reaction (PCR) with primers specific to X. fastidiosa, a 472-bp PCR product was detected. The PCR product was confirmed to be the predicted X. fastidiosa product by sequencing and sequence comparison with the reported genomic sequence of X. fastidiosa. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent and PCR assays of leaf midrib extracts of a symptomless Japanese beech tree were negative. This is the first report of X. fastidiosa associated with leaf scorch in high-valued bonsai and in beech."
55	"Q. Huang, R. H. Brlansky, L. Barnes, W. Li and J. S. Hartung"	First report of oleander leaf scorch caused by Xylella fastidiosa in Texas	First report of oleander leaf scorch caused by Xylella fastidiosa in Texas | 
54	Q. Huang	"First report of Xylella fastidiosa associated with leaf scorch in black oak in Washington, DC"	"First report of Xylella fastidiosa associated with leaf scorch in black oak in Washington, DC | "
53	"B. R. Houston, K. Esau and W. B. Hewitt"	The mode of vector feeding and the tissues involved in the transmission of Pierce's disease virus in grape and alfalfa	"The mode of vector feeding and the tissues involved in the transmission of Pierce's disease virus in grape and alfalfa | Studies were made on the mode of vector feeding and the tissues involved in the transmission of the Pierce's-disease virus in grape and alfalfa. Feeding punctures of the following insects were studied: adults of Draeculacephala minerva, Helochara sp., Neokolla circellata, Carneocephala fulgida; and nymphs of D. minerva and N. circellata. All of these insects were found to be seeking the xylem tissue in the process of feeding. In a representative lot of material using D. minerva, 88.2% of a total of 110 punctures ended in the xylem, 2.7% reached the phloem, and 9.1% entered parenchyma only. The presence or absence of the virus either in the vectors or in the host plant had no effect upon their mode of feeding. The feeding of viruliferous vectors on different parts of grape and alfalfa stems showed that the virus could multiply and cause the disease only when xylem tissue could be reached during the feeding process. The percentages of infection obtained when feeding on the following portions of plants were: whole plant, grape 91.6, alfalfa 75; whole stem, grape 80, alfalfa 80; exposed xylem strip, grape 60.4, alfalfa 90, cortex and phloem strip, grape 0. The virus moved upward rapidly in alfalfa stems, indicating that it may move in the tracheary elements. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: B. R. Houston"
51	"D. L. Hopkins, H. H. Mollenhauer and W. J. French"	OCCURRENCE OF RICKETTSIA-LIKE BACTERIUM IN THE XYLEM OF PEACH TREES WITH PHONY DISEASE	OCCURRENCE OF RICKETTSIA-LIKE BACTERIUM IN THE XYLEM OF PEACH TREES WITH PHONY DISEASE | 
50	"D. L. Hopkins, F. W. Bistline, L. W. Russo and C. M. Thompson"	SEASONAL FLUCTUATION IN THE OCCURRENCE OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA IN ROOT AND STEM EXTRACTS FROM CITRUS WITH BLIGHT	"SEASONAL FLUCTUATION IN THE OCCURRENCE OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA IN ROOT AND STEM EXTRACTS FROM CITRUS WITH BLIGHT | In two citrus groves in southern Florida where blight is severe, mature trees with blight symptoms were sampled and tested for the presence of Xylella fastidiosa by means of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Root and stem extracts were obtained monthly from 12 randomly selected trees with blight from each grove. In both groves, there were two yearly peak periods of detection of X. fastidiosa, midsummer (June-August) and midwinter (December-February). Bacteria were not detected in tree extracts in April, May, or October. The seasonal pattern and frequency of detection were similar for both root and stem extracts. Strains of X. fastidiosa could be cultured from fewer than 10% of the samples that were positive by ELISA. The frequency of detection of X. fastidiosa by ELISA varied with the scion/rootstock combinations, with detection most frequent in Pineapple sweet orange on rougn lemon rootstock and least frequent in Pineapple on Cleopatra mandarin."
48	D. L. Hopkins and W. C. Adlerz	NATURAL HOSTS OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA IN FLORIDA	NATURAL HOSTS OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA IN FLORIDA | 
47	B. L. Hill and A. H. Purcell	Populations of Xylella fastidiosa in plants required for transmission by an efficient vector	"Populations of Xylella fastidiosa in plants required for transmission by an efficient vector | Xylella fastidiosa, a xylem-limited bacterium that causes Pierce's disease (PD) of grapevine and other diseases, is transmitted efficiently by xylem-feeding leafhoppers. Acquisition of a PD strain of X fastidiosa by the blue-green sharpshooter (BGSS) from five plant host species-grapevine (Vitis vinifera), Himalayan blackberry (Rubus discolor), California mugwort (Artemisia douglasiana), watergrass (Echinochloa crus-galli), and Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon)-was tested at various time intervals after vector inoculation. The minimum incubation periods in plant hosts before BGSS acquired X. fastidiosa were 4, 22, 29, and 25 days for grapevine, blackberry, mugwort, and watergrass, respectively. There were no transmissions by vectors or recoveries of X. fastidiosa by culturing from Bermuda grass in 133 attempts, including 80 attempts with the green sharpshooter, Draeculacephala minerva. The first acquisitions and subsequent transmissions by BGSS occurred after X. fastidiosa multiplied to a population of about 10(4) CFU/g of stem tissue. Higher populations of bacteria in plants resulted in higher rates of transmission. In grapevine, the rate of transmission increased over time (4.5% in the first 10 days to 55% after day 25) as the maximum number of viable CFU of X. fastidiosa recovered by culturing also increased (from 5 x 10(5) CFU/g during the first 10 days to 5 x 10(8) after day 25)."
46	B. L. Hill and A. H. Purcell	MULTIPLICATION AND MOVEMENT OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA WITHIN GRAPEVINE AND 4 OTHER PLANTS	"MULTIPLICATION AND MOVEMENT OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA WITHIN GRAPEVINE AND 4 OTHER PLANTS | Xylella fastidiosa, a xylem-limited bacterium that causes Pierce's disease of grapevine and other plant diseases, has numerous symptomless hosts. The multiplication and spread of X. fastidiosa within grapevine (Vitis vinifera) and four other reported plant hosts that were preferred plants for insect vectors (Himalayan blackberry, Rubus discolor; California mugwort, Artemisia douglasiana; watergrass, Echinochloa crusgalli; and Bermuda grass, Cynodon dactylon) were assessed after vector inoculation. The bacterium was detected by culture and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The incubation times required before first detection in grape, blackberry, mugwort, and watergrass were 4, 32, 30, and 18 days, respectively. The maximum bacterial concentration (CFU per gram) and percentage of infection in these species were > 10(8) (100%), 1 x 10(7) (58%), 2 x 10(6) (20%), and 4 x 10(5) (31%), respectively. Systemic movement of X. fastidiosa distal to the inoculation site was detected only in grapevine and blackberry. The bacterium was never detected in inoculated Bermuda grass. The wide range in the capacities of these hosts to support the bacterium's multiplication and spread suggests that the epidemiological importance of plant host species for the spread of Pierce's disease varies greatly."
45	"C. X. He, W. B. Li, A. J. Ayres, J. S. Hartung, V. S. Miranda and D. C. Teixeira"	Distribution of Xylella fastidiosa in citrus rootstocks and transmission of citrus variegated chlorosis between sweet orange plants through natural root grafts	"Distribution of Xylella fastidiosa in citrus rootstocks and transmission of citrus variegated chlorosis between sweet orange plants through natural root grafts | To study translocation of Xylella fastidiosa to citrus rootstocks, budsticks from citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC)-affected cv. Pera sweet orange (Citrus sinenesis (L.) Osb.) were top grafted on 15 citrus rootstocks. Disease symptoms were conspicuous 3 months later on all 15 rootstocks tested. The presence of X. fastidiosa was confirmed by light microscopy, double-antibody sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays, and polymerase chain reaction in rootlets and main roots of CVC-symptomatic Pera sweet orange in 11 of the 15 rootstocks tested. These results suggest that bacterial translocation from the aerial plant parts to the root system occurs but is not essential for X. fastidiosa to induce symptoms in the aerial parts. Bacterial translocation to the roots was not correlated with CVC leaf-symptom severity in the Pera scion. To determine if CVC disease could be transmitted by natural root grafts, two matched seedlings of each of four sweet orange cultivars (Pera, Natal, Valencia, and Caipira) were transplanted into single pots. One seedling rootstock of each pair was inoculated by top grafting with a CVC-contaminated budstick while the other seedling rootstock was cut but not graft inoculated. Transmission of X. fastidiosa from an inoculated plant to a noninoculated plant sharing the same pot was observed in all four sweet orange cultivars tested. Transmission was confirmed by observation of natural roots grafts between the two plants, presence of X. fastidiosa in the root grafts, and disease development in the uninoculated plants. This is the first report of transmission of CVC disease through natural root grafts."
44	"R. A. Haygood, W. Witcher and R. K. Jones"	OUTBREAK OF SYCAMORE LEAF SCORCH IN THE CAROLINAS	OUTBREAK OF SYCAMORE LEAF SCORCH IN THE CAROLINAS | 
43	"J. R. Hartman, B. C. Eshenaur and U. E. Jarlfors"	"Bacterial leaf scorch caused by Xylella fastidiosa: A Kentucky survey: A unique pathogen; and bur oak, a new host"	"Bacterial leaf scorch caused by Xylella fastidiosa: A Kentucky survey: A unique pathogen; and bur oak, a new host | "
42	"J. L. Harris, P. L. Di Bello, M. Lear and Y. Balci"	"Bacterial Leaf Scorch in the District of Columbia: Distribution, Host Range, and Presence of Xylella fastidiosa Among Urban Trees"	"Bacterial Leaf Scorch in the District of Columbia: Distribution, Host Range, and Presence of Xylella fastidiosa Among Urban Trees | A survey of urban trees affected by bacterial leaf scorch (BLS) caused by Xylella fastidiosa was conducted in the District of Columbia during 2011 and 2012. Over 20 species of urban trees were evaluated at 95 sites. Symptomatic and asymptomatic foliage from trees with BLS symptoms and foliage from neighboring asymptomatic trees were sampled. An X. fastidiosa-specific enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and a polymerase chain reaction assay were used to detect and identify the strains from environmental samples. Symptomatic trees testing ELISA-positive for X. fastidiosa occurred most frequently with Quercus palustris, Q. rubra, Ulmus americana, and Platanus occidentalis. The bacterium was also less frequently identified on eight other symptomatic and five asymptomatic tree species. On infected trees, the bacterium was also detected on the asymptomatic portion of seven tree species. All strains were identified as the X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex genotype ALSII except on Morus alba, where the genotype ALSI and the subsp. sandyi were detected. The occurrence of crown dieback was found significantly associated with X. fastidiosa-infection on Q. palustris, Q. rubra, U. americana, and P occidentalis. Because this pathogen continues to perpetuate uncontrolled in urban environments, there is a pressing need to identify long-term management strategies that abate disease."
41	"A. B. Gould, G. Hamilton, M. Vodak, J. Grabosky and J. Lashomb"	Bacterial leaf scorch of oak in New Jersey: Incidence and economic impact	Bacterial leaf scorch of oak in New Jersey: Incidence and economic impact | 
40	P. H. Goodwin and S. Zhang	Distribution of Xylella fastidiosa in southern Ontario as determined by the polymerase chain reaction	"Distribution of Xylella fastidiosa in southern Ontario as determined by the polymerase chain reaction | Trees were surveyed in 1994 and 1995 in southern Ontario for symptoms of leaf scorching and infection by Xylella fastidiosa. Samples were collected from 114 trees in 48 locations, and DNA was extracted from leaf veins and petioles of affected leaves. The DNA was used in the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) with primers that amplify a 733 base-pair fragment from isolates of X. fastidiosa. Several samples yielded PCR products of varying sizes, but only three samples from American elm (Ulmus americana) yielded the 733 base pair fragment characteristic of X. fastidiosa that also hybridized with the PCR product of a strain isolated from a tree infected with the bacterium. These trees were all located within the Niagara Peninsula. This is the first report of X. fastidiosa in Ontario and represents the most northerly distribution of X. fastidiosa-infected trees in eastern North America."
39	"A. C. Goheen, B. C. Raju, S. K. Lowe and G. Nyland"	PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES IN CENTRAL AMERICA	PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES IN CENTRAL AMERICA | 
38	"A. C. Goheen, G. Nyland and S. K. Lowe"	ASSOCIATION OF A RICKETTSIA-LIKE ORGANISM WITH PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES AND ALFALFA DWARF AND HEAT THERAPY OF THE DISEASE IN GRAPEVINES	ASSOCIATION OF A RICKETTSIA-LIKE ORGANISM WITH PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES AND ALFALFA DWARF AND HEAT THERAPY OF THE DISEASE IN GRAPEVINES | 
37	"G. A. Gambetta, J. Fei, T. L. Rost and M. A. Matthews"	Leaf scorch symptoms are not correlated with bacterial populations during Pierce's disease	"Leaf scorch symptoms are not correlated with bacterial populations during Pierce's disease | Xylella fastidiosa (Xf) is a xylem-limited bacterium that lives as a harmless endophyte in most plant species but is pathogenic in several agriculturally important crops such as coffee, citrus, and grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.). In susceptible cultivars of grapevine, Xf infection results in leaf scorch, premature leaf senescence, and eventually vine death; a suite of symptoms collectively referred to as Pierce's disease. A qPCR assay was developed to determine bacterial concentrations in planta and these concentrations were related to the development of leaf-scorch symptoms. The concentration of Xf in leaves of experimental grapevines grown in the greenhouse was similar to the concentration of Xf in leaves of naturally infected plants in the field. The distribution of Xf was patchy within and among leaves. Some whole leaves exhibited severe leaf-scorch symptoms in the absence of high concentrations of Xf. Despite a highly sensitive assay and a range of Xf concentrations from 10(2) to 10(9) cells g(-1) fresh weight, no clear relationship between bacterial population and symptom development during Pierce's disease was revealed. Thus, high and localized concentrations of Xf are not necessary for the formation of leaf-scorch symptoms. The results are interpreted as being consistent with an atiology that involves a systemic plant response."
36	W. J. French and E. W. Kitajima	OCCURRENCE OF PLUM LEAF SCALD IN BRAZIL AND PARAGUAY	OCCURRENCE OF PLUM LEAF SCALD IN BRAZIL AND PARAGUAY | 
35	J. H. Freitag	Host range of Pierce's disease virus of grapes as determined by insect transmission	"Host range of Pierce's disease virus of grapes as determined by insect transmission | The virus of Pierce's disease was exptly. transmitted to 75 spp. of plants belonging to 23 plant families. Inoculations were made by means of 3 spp. of leafhoppers, Draeculacephala minerva, Hordnia circellata, and Carneocephala fulgida. Proof of infection depended on recovery of the virus by previously noninfective leafhoppers and its transfer to alfalfa and grape test plants. The new host plants thus discovered include Johnson grass, Bermuda grass, rye grass, timothy, canna, toyon, Scotch broom, Hubam clover, alsike clover, crimson clover, red clover, Ladino clover, carrot, periwinkle, mint, vetch, and spp. of Oenothera, Godetia, Hedera, Coprosma, Sambucus, Lonicera, Symphoricarpos, and Artemisia. 36 spp. of plants belonging to 18 families were demonstrated to be naturally infected with the virus. These include Bermuda grass, Dallis grass, California blackberry, acacia, Boston ivy, rosemary, fuchsia, Ladino clover, and spp. of Sambucus, Eugenia, Artemisia, and Baccharis. Symptoms of the Pierce's disease virus developed on only a few spp., the great majority of susceptible plants being symptomless carriers. Among the plants demonstrated to be susceptible were 13 spp. of legumes, 22 spp. of grasses, 19 spp. of weeds and 16 spp. of plants grown as ornamentals. Noninfective insects were obtained by dissecting eggs from the leaf tissue of barley plants. The virus is apparently not transmitted through the egg of D. minerva. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: J. H. Freitag"
34	N. W. Frazier and J. H. Freitag	Ten additional leafhopper vectors of the virus causing Pierce's disease of grapes	"Ten additional leafhopper vectors of the virus causing Pierce's disease of grapes | Ten species of leaf-hoppers are demonstrated to be vectors of the virus of Pierce's disease of grapes, namely, Carneocephala triguttata, Neokolla gothica, N. confluens, N. heiroglyphica, Cuerna occidentalis, Pagaronia triunata, P. 13-punctata, P. furcata, P. confusa, and Friscanus friscanus. None appears to be of any importance under field conditions in the spread of the virus to alfalfa or grapevines. All 10 spp. belong in the subfamily Tetti- goniellinae as do 4 previously reported vectors (Phytopath. 36: 117-128. 1946). Every species of the Tettigoniellinae thus far tested has transmitted the virus. More than 50 spp. of leafhoppers contained in other subfamilies were tested and not one proved to be a vector. The evidence indicates that the ability to transmit the virus can be correlated with a phylogenetic relationship of the vectors within the Tettigoniellinae. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: Authors"
33	N. W. Frazier	Phylogenetic relationship of the nine known leaf-hopper vectors of Pierce's disease of grape	"Phylogenetic relationship of the nine known leaf-hopper vectors of Pierce's disease of grape | 3 spp. of leaf hoppers, Draecudacephala minerva, Carneocephala fulgida, and Neokolla circellata, have previously been reported to transmit the virus causing Pierce's disease of grape. More recent work has shown that 6 additional spp. of leaf hoppers, Carneocephala triguttata, Helochara delta, Neokolla gothica, N. confluens, N. heiroglyphica, and Cuerna occidentalis, can also transmit the virus. All 9 spp. are contained in the single subfamily Amblycephalinae, members of which are commonly known as sharpshooters. Every sp. of this subfam. thus far tested has proved to be a vector for the virus. Many spp. of leaf hoppers in other subfamilies have been tested and not one has proved to be a vector. The present evidence strongly suggests that a phylogenetic relationship exists between the Amblycephalinae and the ability to transmit the virus. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: Auth. abst"
32	"A. S. Ferreira Filho, M. C. Quecine, A. C. Bogas, P. d. B. Rossetto, A. O. de Souza Lima, P. T. Lacava, J. L. Azevedo and W. L. Araujo"	"Endophytic Methylobacterium extorquens expresses a heterologous beta-1,4-endoglucanase A (EglA) in Catharanthus roseus seedlings, a model host plant for Xylella fastidiosa"	"Endophytic Methylobacterium extorquens expresses a heterologous beta-1,4-endoglucanase A (EglA) in Catharanthus roseus seedlings, a model host plant for Xylella fastidiosa | Based on the premise of symbiotic control, we genetically modified the citrus endophytic bacterium Methylobacterium extorquens, strain AR1.6/2, and evaluated its capacity to colonize a model plant and its interaction with Xylella fastidiosa, the causative agent of Citrus Variegated Chlorosis (CVC). AR1.6/2 was genetically transformed to express heterologous GFP (Green Fluorescent Protein) and an endoglucanase A (EglA), generating the strains ARGFP and AREglA, respectively. By fluorescence microscopy, it was shown that ARGFP was able to colonize xylem vessels of the Catharanthus roseus seedlings. Using scanning electron microscopy, it was observed that AREglA and X. fastidiosa may co-inhabit the C. roseus vessels. M. extorquens was observed in the xylem with the phytopathogen X. fastidiosa, and appeared to cause a decrease in biofilm formation. AREglA stimulated the production of resistance protein, catalase, in the inoculated plants. This paper reports the successful transformation of AR1.6/2 to generate two different strains with a different gene each, and also indicates that AREglA and X. fastidiosa could interact inside the host plant, suggesting a possible strategy for the symbiotic control of CVC disease. Our results provide an enhanced understanding of the M. extorquens-X. fastidiosa interaction, suggesting the application of AR1.6/2 as an agent of symbiotic control."
31	H. Feil and A. H. Purcell	Temperature-dependent growth and survival of Xylella fastidiosa in vitro and in potted grapevines	"Temperature-dependent growth and survival of Xylella fastidiosa in vitro and in potted grapevines | Xylella fastidiosa is a xylem-inhabiting bacterium that causes Pierce's disease (PD) of grapevine. Growth rates of X. fastidiosa in a rich liquid medium were determined by culturing methods at various temperatures. The slope of the regression line between the points of 18 and 28 degreesC was similar to that reported for Escherichia coli between 12 and 30 degreesC and for Erwinia amylovora between 9 and 18 degreesC. For three PD strains, two almond strains, and an oleander strain, X. fastidiosa grew fastest at 28 degreesC but did not grow at 12 degreesC. Grape seedlings kept at 5, 10, 17, or 25 degreesC for 18 days, beginning 2 weeks postinoculation at 25 degreesC, had 230-fold lower populations of X. fastidiosa when kept at 5 degreesC, but populations did not change significantly over time at the other temperatures. In planta populations of X. fastidiosa decreased 3 days after placing the seedlings at 5 and 37 degreesC, and subsequent samples yielded no culturable bacteria at 37 degreesC. Based on in vitro and in planta studies, it appears that temperatures between 25 and 32 degreesC may be critical for the epidemiology of Pierce's disease because of its rapid growth rate at these temperatures, whereas temperatures below 12 to 17 degreesC and above 34 degreesC may affect the survival of X. fastidiosa in plants."
30	K. Esau	Anatomic effects of the viruses of Pierce's disease and phony peach	"Anatomic effects of the viruses of Pierce's disease and phony peach | Naturally infected field-grown material and artificially inoculated greenhouse plants served for a study of anatomic effects of Pierce's disease of the grapevine and dwarf disease of alfalfa, which are caused by the same virus. All material originated in California. The 2 diseases induce gum development in the xylem. The gum is deposited in vessels and in other xylem cells. In addition, the grapevine shows a precocious and excessive development of tyloses in the wood. The xylem symptoms in these diseases appear to be primary in nature. Developmental studies on grape seedlings and on alfalfa cuttings have shown that occlusion of vessels with gum occurs before the development of external symptoms and becomes more and more pronounced with the passing of time after inoculation. Moreover, in the grape seedlings this abnormality appears first in the inoculated leaf. The irregularity in cork formation in the axes and the consequent excessive accumulation of nonfunctioning phloem, which are often found in grapevines affected with Pierce's disease, may be secondary symptoms resulting from the initial disturbance in the water-conducting tissue. The anatomic changes in affected plants, considered together with the external symptoms and the method of transmission of Pierce's disease virus, suggest a close association of this virus with the xylem. Peach roots affected with phony disease were obtained from trees growing under field conditions in Texas. All root samples showed gummosis in the xylem. There was deposition of gum in vessels and other xylem cells and sometimes a formation of gum pockets. Thus the internal symptoms of phony peach resemble those induced by Pierce's disease virus. || ABSTRACT AUTHORS: Katherine Esau"
29	"P. L. Di Bello, Y. Balci, D. Martin, Q. Huang and M. Lear"	Occurrence of Xylella fastidiosa subsp multiplex on Washington DC street trees	Occurrence of Xylella fastidiosa subsp multiplex on Washington DC street trees | 
122	J. L. Sherald and J. D. Lei	EVALUATION OF A RAPID ELISA TEST KIT FOR DETECTION OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA IN LANDSCAPE TREES	"EVALUATION OF A RAPID ELISA TEST KIT FOR DETECTION OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA IN LANDSCAPE TREES | Leaf scorch symptoms on landscape trees infected with Xylella fastidiosa are often confused with similar symptoms caused by stress factors. Because the isolation of X. fastidiosa from trees is difficult and time-consuming, an ELISA test kit for X. fastidiosa was evaluated for reliability and feasibility. The pathogen was detected in all leaf and stem samples collected in June from asymptomatic American elms (Ulmus americana) and American sycamores (Platanus occidentalis) that had had leaf scorch in 26-100% of their canopy during the previous September. The kit was used in a survey of 47 elms. The pathogen was detected in extracts from 17 of 18 diseased trees-12 before and five after symptoms appeared. X. fastidiosa was also detected in extracts from red maples (Acer rubrum), red oaks (Quercus rubra), and red mulberries (Morus rubra) with characteristic leaf scorch symptoms but not in extracts from symptomless trees."
121	"J. L. Sherald, S. S. Hearon, S. J. Kostka and D. L. Morgan"	SYCAMORE LEAF SCORCH - CULTURE AND PATHOGENICITY OF FASTIDIOUS XYLEM-LIMITED BACTERIA FROM SCORCH-AFFECTED TREES	SYCAMORE LEAF SCORCH - CULTURE AND PATHOGENICITY OF FASTIDIOUS XYLEM-LIMITED BACTERIA FROM SCORCH-AFFECTED TREES | 
118	"E. L. Schuenzel, M. Scally, R. Stouthamer and L. Nunney"	A multigene phylogenetic study of clonal diversity and divergence in North American strains of the plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa	"A multigene phylogenetic study of clonal diversity and divergence in North American strains of the plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa | Xylella fastidiosa is a pathogen that causes leaf scorch and related diseases in over 100 plant species, including Pierce's disease in grapevines (PD), phony peach disease (PP), plum leaf scald (PLS), and leaf scorch in almond (ALS), oak (OAK), and oleander (OLS). We used a high-resolution DNA sequence approach to investigate the evolutionary relationships, geographic variation, and divergence times among the X. fastidiosa isolates causing these diseases in North America. Using a large data set of 10 coding loci and 26 isolates, the phylogeny of X. fastidiosa defined three major clades. Two of these clades correspond to the recently identified X. fastidiosa subspecies piercei (PD and some ALS isolates) and X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex (OAK, PP, PLS, and some ALS isolates). The third clade grouped all of the OLS isolates into a genetically distinct group, named X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi. These well-differentiated clades indicate that, historically, X. fastidiosa has been a clonal organism. Based on their synonymous-site divergence (similar to 3%), these three clades probably originated more than 15,000 years ago, long before the introduction of the normative plants that characterize most infections. The sister clades of X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi and X. fastidiosa subsp. piercei have synonymous-site evolutionary rates 2.9 times faster than X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex, possibly due to generation time differences. Within X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex, a low level (similar to 0.1%) of genetic differentiation indicates the recent divergence of ALS isolates from the PP, PLS, and OAK isolates due to host plant adaptation and/or allopatry. The low level of variation within the X. fastidiosa subsp. piercei and X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi clades, despite their antiquity, suggests strong selection, possibly driven by host plant adaptation."
117	"M. Saponari, D. Boscia, G. Loconsole, F. Palmisano, V. Savino, O. Potere and G. P. Martelli"	NEW HOSTS OF XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA STRAIN CoDiRO IN APULIA	NEW HOSTS OF XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA STRAIN CoDiRO IN APULIA | 
115	"J. L. M. Rodrigues, M. E. Silva-Stenico, J. E. Gomes, J. R. S. Lopes and S. M. Tsai"	Detection and diversity assessment of Xylella fastidiosa in field-collected plant and insect samples by using 16S rRNA and gyrB sequences	"Detection and diversity assessment of Xylella fastidiosa in field-collected plant and insect samples by using 16S rRNA and gyrB sequences | The causal agent of diseases in many economically important plants is attributed to the xylem-limited bacterium Xylella fastidiosa. The detection of this plant pathogen has been hampered due to its difficult isolation and slow growth on plates. Nearly complete nucleotide sequences of the 16S rRNA gene and partial sequences of the gyrB gene were determined for 18 strains of X. fastidiosa isolated from different plant hosts. A phylogenetic analysis, based on gyrB, grouped strains in three clusters; grape-isolated strains formed one cluster, citrus-coffee strains formed another cluster, and a third cluster resulted from all other strains. Primer pairs designed for the 16S rRNA and gyrB genes were extensively searched in databases to verify their in silico specificity. Primer pairs were certified with 30 target and 36 nontarget pure cultures of microorganisms, confirming 100% specificity. A multiplex PCR protocol was developed and its sensitivity tested. Sequencing of PCR products confirmed the validity of the multiplex PCR. Xylella fastidiosa was detected in field-collected plants, disease vector insects, and nonsymptomatic but infected plants. Specific detection of X. fastidiosa may facilitate the understanding of its ecological significance and prevention of spread of the disease."
114	"J. J. Randall, M. Radionenko, J. M. French, M. W. Olsen, N. P. Goldberg and S. F. Hanson"	"Xylella fastidiosa detected in New Mexico in chitalpa, a common landscape ornamental plant"	"Xylella fastidiosa detected in New Mexico in chitalpa, a common landscape ornamental plant | "
113	"J. J. Randall, N. P. Goldberg, J. D. Kemp, M. Radionenko, J. M. French, M. W. Olsen and S. F. Hanson"	Genetic Analysis of a Novel Xylella fastidiosa Subspecies Found in the Southwestern United States	"Genetic Analysis of a Novel Xylella fastidiosa Subspecies Found in the Southwestern United States | Xylella fastidiosa, the causal agent of several scorch diseases, is associated with leaf scorch symptoms in Chitalpa tashkentensis, a common ornamental landscape plant used throughout the southwestern United States. For a number of years, many chitalpa trees in southern New Mexico and Arizona exhibited leaf scorch symptoms, and the results from a regional survey show that chitalpa trees from New Mexico, Arizona, and California are frequently infected with X. fastidiosa. Phylogenetic analysis of multiple loci was used to compare the X. fastidiosa infecting chitalpa strains from New Mexico, Arizona, and trees imported into New Mexico nurseries with previously reported X. fastidiosa strains. Loci analyzed included the 16S ribosome, 16S-23S ribosomal intergenic spacer region, gyrase-B, simple sequence repeat sequences, X. fastidiosa-specific sequences, and the virulence-associated protein (VapD). This analysis indicates that the X. fastidiosa isolates associated with infected chitalpa trees in the Southwest are a highly related group that is distinct from the four previously defined taxons X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa (piercei), X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex, X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi, and X. fastidiosa subsp. pauca. Therefore, the classification proposed for this new subspecies is X. fastidiosa subsp. tashke."
112	"B. C. Raju, G. Nyland, A. C. Goheen, S. F. Nome, J. W. Wells, D. J. Weaver and R. F. Lee"	SEROLOGICAL RELATIONSHIPS OF RICKETTSIA LIKE BACTERIA IN DISEASED PLANTS	SEROLOGICAL RELATIONSHIPS OF RICKETTSIA LIKE BACTERIA IN DISEASED PLANTS | 
111	"B. C. Raju, S. F. Nome, D. M. Docampo, A. C. Goheen, G. Nyland and S. K. Lowe"	ALTERNATIVE HOSTS OF PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES THAT OCCUR ADJACENT TO GRAPE GROWING AREAS IN CALIFORNIA	ALTERNATIVE HOSTS OF PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES THAT OCCUR ADJACENT TO GRAPE GROWING AREAS IN CALIFORNIA | 
110	"B. C. Raju, A. C. Goheen and N. W. Frazier"	OCCURRENCE OF PIERCES DISEASE BACTERIA IN PLANTS AND VECTORS IN CALIFORNIA	OCCURRENCE OF PIERCES DISEASE BACTERIA IN PLANTS AND VECTORS IN CALIFORNIA | 
109	"A. H. Purcell, S. R. Saunders, M. Hendson, M. E. Grebus and M. J. Henry"	Causal role of Xylella fastidiosa in oleander leaf scorch disease	"Causal role of Xylella fastidiosa in oleander leaf scorch disease | A lethal leaf scorch disease of oleander (Nerium oleander) appeared in southern California in 1993. A bacterium, Xylella fastidiosa, was detected by culturing, enzyme-linked immunoassay, and polymerase chain reaction in most symptomatic plants but not in symptomless plants or negative controls. Inoculating oleanders mechanically with X. fastidiosa cultures from diseased oleanders caused oleander leaf scorch (OLS) disease. The bacterium was reisolated from inoculated plants that became diseased. Three species of xylem sap-feeding leafhoppers transmitted the bacterium from oleander to oleander. The bacterium multiplied, moved system-ically, and caused wilting in Madagascar periwinkte (Catharanthus rosea) and leaf scorch in periwinkle (Vinca major) in a greenhouse after inoculation with needle puncture. No bacterium was reisolated from grapevine (Vitis vinifera), peach (Prunus persica), olive (Olea europaea), California blackberry (Rubus ursinus), or valley oak (Quercus lobata) mechanically inoculated with OLS strains of X. fastidiosa. A 500-bp sequence of the 16S-23S ribosomal intergenic region of oleander strains showed 99.2% identity with Pierce's disease strains, 98.4% identity with oak leaf scorch strains, and 98.6% identity with phony peach, plum leaf scald, and almond leaf scorch strains."
108	A. H. Purcell and S. R. Saunders	Fate of Pierce's disease strains of Xylella fastidiosa in common riparian plants in California	"Fate of Pierce's disease strains of Xylella fastidiosa in common riparian plants in California | The fate of strains of the bacterium Xylella fastidiosa that cause Pierce's disease of grapevines was investigated in 33 species of mostly perennial plants common in riparian habitats in northern coastal California grape-growing regions. Plants were inoculated in the field with needle puncture using cultured cells of X, fastidiosa as inoculum or inoculated in the laboratory with infective insect vectors (Graphocephala atropunctata). Populations of X. fastidiosa were highest in most plant species within 3 to 6 weeks of inoculation, followed by declines in populations of viable bacteria over the next 3 to 4 months. Homogenates of petioles of California black walnut (Juglans hindsii) and coffeeberry (Rhamnus californica) inhibited in vitro growth of X. fastidiosa, precluding culture of the bacterium from these plants. Big leaf maple (Acer macrophyllum), California buckeye (Aesculus californica), California blackberry (Rubus ursinus), coast live oak (Quercus agrifolia), elderberry (Sambucus mexicana), French broom (Genista monspessulanus), periwinkle (Vinca major), valley oak (Quercus lobata), and the grape rootstock Vitis rupestris supported systemic populations of X, fastidiosa that survived throughout the year outdoors in Napa Valley, California."
107	"S. d. S. Prado, J. R. S. Lopes, C. G. B. Demetrio, A. F. Borgatto and R. P. P. d. Almeida"	Host colonization differences between citrus and coffee isolates of Xylella fastidiosa in reciprocal inoculation	"Host colonization differences between citrus and coffee isolates of Xylella fastidiosa in reciprocal inoculation | Citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC) and coffee stem atrophy (CSA) are important diseases in Brazil associated with closely-related strains of Xylella fastidiosa, but little is known about host overlapping importance of citrus and coffee as inoculum sources of these strains. In this study, reciprocal-inoculation experiments were performed to determine if CVC and CSA isolates are biologically similar within citrus and coffee plants. These two hosts were mechanically inoculated with a CVC and a CSA isolate of X. fastidiosa at four concentrations ranging between 10 3 and 10 9 colony forming units CFU mL -1. At two, four and eight months after inoculation, the infection efficiency and bacterial populations of the isolates in each host were determined by culturing. The CVC isolate infected both citrus and coffee plants, but developed lower populations in coffee. The CSA isolate did not colonize citrus. Inoculation of coffee plants with the CVC isolate resulted in low rates of infection and required an inoculum concentration ten-fold higher than that necessary to obtain a similar (25%) rate of infection in citrus. The relatively low infection rates and bacterial numbers of the CVC isolate in coffee plants compared with those observed in citrus suggest that coffee is not a suitable host to serve as a source of inoculum of the CVC strain for primary spread to citrus or within coffee plantations."
106	M. R. Pooler and J. S. Hartung	SPECIFIC PCR DETECTION AND IDENTIFICATION OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA STRAINS CAUSING CITRUS VARIEGATED CHLOROSIS	"SPECIFIC PCR DETECTION AND IDENTIFICATION OF XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA STRAINS CAUSING CITRUS VARIEGATED CHLOROSIS | By cloning and sequencing specific randomly amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) products, we have developed pairs of PCR primers that can be used to detect Xylella fastidiosa in general, and X. fastidiosa that cause citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC) specifically, We also identified a CVC-specific region of the X. fastidiosa genome that contains a 28-nucleotide insertion, and single base changes that distinguish CVC and grape X. fastidiosa strains. When using RAPD products to develop specific PCR primers, we found it most efficient to screen for size differences among RAPD products rather than presence/absence of a specific RAPD band."
105	"G. Nyland, A. C. Goheen, S. K. Lowe and H. C. Kirkpatrick"	THE ULTRASTRUCTURE OF A RICKETTSIA-LIKE ORGANISM FROM A PEACH TREE AFFECTED WITH PHONY DISEASE	THE ULTRASTRUCTURE OF A RICKETTSIA-LIKE ORGANISM FROM A PEACH TREE AFFECTED WITH PHONY DISEASE | 
103		Import Placeholder	Import Placeholder | 
101	"L. Nunney, X. Yuan, R. E. Bromley and R. Stouthamer"	Detecting Genetic Introgression: High Levels of Intersubspecific Recombination Found in Xylella fastidiosa in Brazil	"Detecting Genetic Introgression: High Levels of Intersubspecific Recombination Found in Xylella fastidiosa in Brazil | Documenting the role of novel mutation versus homologous recombination in bacterial evolution, and especially in the invasion of new hosts, is central to understanding the long-term dynamics of pathogenic bacteria. We used multilocus sequence typing (MLST) to study this issue in Xylella fastidiosa subsp. pauca from Brazil, a bacterium causing citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC) and coffee leaf scorch (CLS). All 55 citrus isolates typed (plus one coffee isolate) defined three similar sequence types (STs) dominated by ST11 (85%), while the remaining 22 coffee isolates defined two STs, mainly ST16 (74%). This low level of variation masked unusually large allelic differences (>1% divergence with no intermediates) at five loci (leuA, petC, malF, cysG, and holC). We developed an introgression test to detect whether these large differences were due to introgression via homologous recombination from another X. fastidiosa subspecies. Using additional sequencing around these loci, we established that the seven randomly chosen MLST targets contained seven regions of introgression totaling 2,172 bp of 4,161 bp (52%), only 409 bp (10%) of which were detected by other recombination tests. This high level of introgression suggests the hypothesis that X. fastidiosa subsp. pauca became pathogenic on citrus and coffee (crops cultivated in Brazil for several hundred years) only recently after it gained genetic variation via intersubspecific recombination, facilitating a switch from native hosts. A candidate donor is the subspecies infecting plum in the region since 1935 (possibly X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex). This hypothesis predicts that nonrecombinant native X. fastidiosa subsp. pauca (not yet isolated) does not cause disease in citrus or coffee."
100	"L. Nunney, X. Yuan, R. Bromley, J. Hartung, M. Montero-Astua, L. Moreira, B. Ortiz and R. Stouthamer"	Population Genomic Analysis of a Bacterial Plant Pathogen: Novel Insight into the Origin of Pierce's Disease of Grapevine in the US	"Population Genomic Analysis of a Bacterial Plant Pathogen: Novel Insight into the Origin of Pierce's Disease of Grapevine in the US | Invasive diseases present an increasing problem worldwide; however, genomic techniques are now available to investigate the timing and geographical origin of such introductions. We employed genomic techniques to demonstrate that the bacterial pathogen causing Pierce's disease of grapevine (PD) is not native to the US as previously assumed, but descended from a single genotype introduced from Central America. PD has posed a serious threat to the US wine industry ever since its first outbreak in Anaheim, California in the 1880s and continues to inhibit grape cultivation in a large area of the country. It is caused by infection of xylem vessels by the bacterium Xylella fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa, a genetically distinct subspecies at least 15,000 years old. We present five independent kinds of evidence that strongly support our invasion hypothesis: 1) a genome-wide lack of genetic variability in X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa found in the US, consistent with a recent common ancestor; 2) evidence for historical allopatry of the North American subspecies X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex and X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa; 3) evidence that X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa evolved in a more tropical climate than X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex; 4) much greater genetic variability in the proposed source population in Central America, variation within which the US genotypes are phylogenetically nested; and 5) the circumstantial evidence of importation of known hosts (coffee plants) from Central America directly into southern California just prior to the first known outbreak of the disease. The lack of genetic variation in X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa in the US suggests that preventing additional introductions is important since new genetic variation may undermine PD control measures, or may lead to infection of other crop plants through the creation of novel genotypes via inter-subspecific recombination. In general, geographically mixing of previously isolated subspecies should be avoided."
99	"L. Nunney, D. L. Hopkins, L. D. Morano, S. E. Russell and R. Stouthamer"	Intersubspecific Recombination in Xylella fastidiosa Strains Native to the United States: Infection of Novel Hosts Associated with an Unsuccessful Invasion	"Intersubspecific Recombination in Xylella fastidiosa Strains Native to the United States: Infection of Novel Hosts Associated with an Unsuccessful Invasion | The bacterial pathogen Xylella fastidiosa infects xylem and causes disease in many plant species in the Americas. Different subspecies of this bacterium and different genotypes within subspecies infect different plant hosts, but the genetics of host adaptation are unknown. Here we examined the hypothesis that the introduction of novel genetic variation via intersubspecific homologous recombination (IHR) facilitates host shifts. We investigated IHR in 33 X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex isolates previously identified as recombinant based on 8 loci (7 multilocus sequence typing [MLST] loci plus 1 locus). We found significant evidence of introgression from X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa in 4 of the loci and, using published data, evidence of IHR in 6 of 9 additional loci. Our data showed that IHR regions in 2 of the 4 loci were inconsistent (12 mismatches) with X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa alleles found in the United States but consistent with alleles from Central America. The other two loci were consistent with alleles from both regions. We propose that the recombinant forms all originated via genomewide recombination of one X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex ancestor with one X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa donor from Central America that was introduced into the United States but subsequently disappeared. Using all of the available data, 5 plant hosts of the recombinant types were identified, 3 of which also supported non-IHR X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex, but 2 were unique to recombinant types from blueberry (7 isolates from Georgia, 3 from Florida); and blackberry (1 each from Florida and North Carolina), strongly supporting the hypothesis that IHR facilitated a host shift to blueberry and possibly blackberry."
98	L. Nunney	"Homologous recombination and the invasion of a new plant host by the pathogenic bacterium, Xylella fastidiosa"	"Homologous recombination and the invasion of a new plant host by the pathogenic bacterium, Xylella fastidiosa | "
96	"K. L. Newman, R. P. P. Almeida, A. H. Purcell and S. E. Lindow"	Cell-cell signaling controls Xylella fastidiosa interactions with both insects and plants	"Cell-cell signaling controls Xylella fastidiosa interactions with both insects and plants | Xylella fastidiosa, which causes Pierce's disease of grapevine and other important plant diseases, is a xylem-limited bacterium that depends on insect vectors for transmission. Although many studies have addressed disease symptom development and transmission of the pathogen by vectors, little is known about the bacterial mechanisms driving these processes. Recently available X. fastidiosa genomic sequences and molecular tools have provided new routes for investigation. Here, we show that a diffusible signal molecule is required for biofilm formation in the vector and for vector transmission to plants. We constructed strains of X. fastidiosa mutated in the rpfF gene and determined that they are unable to produce the signal activity. In addition, rpfF mutants are more virulent than the wild type when mechanically inoculated into plants. This signal therefore directs interaction of X. fastidiosa with both its insect vector and plant host. Interestingly, rpfF mutants can still form in planta biofilms, which differ architecturally from biofilms in insects, suggesting that biofilm architecture, rather than a passive response to the environment, is actively determined by X. fastidiosa gene expression. This article reports a cell-cell signaling requirement for vector transmission. Identification of the genes regulated by rpfF should elucidate bacterial factors involved in transmission and biofilm formation in the insect."
95	"K. L. Newman, R. P. P. Almeida, A. H. Purcell and S. E. Lindow"	Use of a green fluorescent strain for analysis of Xyella fastidiosa colonization of Vitis vinifera	"Use of a green fluorescent strain for analysis of Xyella fastidiosa colonization of Vitis vinifera | Xylella fastidiosa causes Pierce's disease of grapevine as well as several other major agricultural diseases but is a benign endophyte in most host plants. X. fastidiosa colonizes the xylem vessels of host plants and is transmitted by xylem sap-feeding insect vectors. To understand better the pattern of host colonization and its relationship to disease, we engineered X. fastidiosa to express a green fluorescent protein (Gfp) constitutively and performed confocal laser-scanning microscopic analysis of colonization in a susceptible host, Vitis vinifera. In symptomatic leaves, the fraction of vessels colonized by X. fastidiosa was fivefold higher than in nearby asymptomatic leaves. The fraction of vessels completely blocked by X. fastidiosa colonies increased 40-fold in symptomatic leaves and was the feature of colonization most dramatically linked to symptoms. Therefore, the extent of vessel blockage by bacterial colonization is highly likely to be a crucial variable in symptom expression. Intriguingly, a high proportion (>80%) of colonized vessels were not blocked in infected leaves and instead had small colonies or solitary cells, suggesting that vessel blockage is not a colonization strategy employed by the pathogen but, rather, a by-product of endophytic colonization. We present evidence for X. fastidiosa movement through bordered pits to neighboring vessels and propose that vessel-to-vessel movement is a key colonization strategy whose failure results in vessel plugging and disease."
94	"A. L. Myers, T. B. Sutton, J. A. Abad and G. G. Kennedy"	Pierce's disease of grapevines: Identification of the primary vectors in North Carolina	"Pierce's disease of grapevines: Identification of the primary vectors in North Carolina | In the past 10 years, the winegrape industry in the southeastern United States has experienced rapid growth; however, further expansion may be inhibited by Pierce's disease (PD). Epidemiological studies were conducted to identify the primary vectors of XYlella fastidiosa, the cause of PD of grape, by surveying sharpshooter population dynamics in the eastern Piedmont and Coastal Plain regions of North Carolina. Sharpshooter species were assessed for the presence of X. fastidiosoa in the field. Leafhoppers were trapped in three vineyards in the eastern Piedmont and one vineyard in the northeastern Coastal Plain in 2004 and 2005. Four insects were identified as most abundant: Oncometopia orbona, Graphocephala versuta, Paraphlepsius irroratus, and Agalliota constricta. Adult specimens of O. orbona, G. versuta, and P. irroratus were tested for the presence of X. fastidiosa by nested polymerase chain reaction. In all, 27% of O. orbona, 28% of G. versuta, and 33% of P. irroratus trapped were positive for X. fastidiosa over the two seasons. Transmission experiments demonstrated that both O. orbona and G. versuta have the ability to transmit X. fastidiosa to grape. These vectors are likely to be important in all winegrowing regions of the Southeast, because their presence has been documented throughout the southern states. In DNA analyses, X. fastidiosa strains from insects trapped in North Carolina were genetically similar to one another and to the known \PD strain\"" from California. This is the first report of these two leaf-hopper species transmitting X. fastidiosa to grapevines in the Southeast."""
93	"M. Montero-Astua, G. Saborio-R, C. Chacon-Diaz, L. Garita, W. Villalobos, J. S. Hartung and C. Rivera"	First report of Xylella fastidiosa in avocado in Costa Rica	First report of Xylella fastidiosa in avocado in Costa Rica | 
92	"M. Montero-Astua, G. Saborio, C. Chacon-Diaz, W. Villalobos, C. M. Rodriguez, L. Moreira and C. Rivera"	First report of Xylella fastidiosa in Nerium oleander in Costa Rica	First report of Xylella fastidiosa in Nerium oleander in Costa Rica | 
91	"M. Montero-Astua, J. S. Hartung, W. B. Li, E. Aguilar, C. Chacon and C. Rivera"	Variability in colony morphology of Xylella fastidiosa isolates from Costa Rica and North America	Variability in colony morphology of Xylella fastidiosa isolates from Costa Rica and North America | 
90	"M. Montero-Astua, C. Chacon-Diaz, E. Aguilar, C. Mario Rodriguez, L. Garita, W. Villalobos, L. Moreira, J. S. Hartung and C. Rivera"	Isolation and Molecular Characterization of Xylella fastidiosa from Coffee Plants in Costa Rica	"Isolation and Molecular Characterization of Xylella fastidiosa from Coffee Plants in Costa Rica | Coffee plants exhibiting a range of symptoms including mild to severe curling of leaf margins, chlorosis and deformation of leaves, stunting of plants, shortening of internodes, and dieback of branches have been reported since 1995 in several regions of Costa Rica's Central Valley. The symptoms are referred to by coffee producers in Costa Rica as \crespera\"" disease and have been associated with the presence of the bacterium Xylella fastidiosa. Coffee plants determined to be infected by the bacterium by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), were used for both transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and for isolation of the bacterium in PW broth or agar. Petioles examined by TEM contained rod-shaped bacteria inside the xylem vessels. The bacteria measured 0.3 to 0.5 mu m in width and 1.5 to 3.0 mu m in length, and had rippled cell walls 10 to 40 nm in thickness, typical of X. fastidiosa. Small, circular, dome-shaped colonies were observed 7 to 26 days after plating of plant extracts on PW agar. The colonies were comprised of Gram-negative rods of variable length and a characteristic slight longitudinal bending. TEM of the isolated bacteria showed characteristic rippled cell walls, similar to those observed in plant tissue. ELISA and PCR with specific primer pairs 272-1-int/272-2-int and RST31/RST33 confirmed the identity of the isolated bacteria as X. fastidiosa. RFLP analysis of the amplification products revealed diversity within X. fastidiosa strains from Costa Rica and suggest closer genetic proximity to strains from the United States of America than to other coffee or citrus strains from Brazil."""
89	"P. B. Monteiro, J. Renaudin, S. Jagoueix-Eveillard, A. J. Ayres, M. Garnier and J. M. Bove"	"Catharanthus roseus, an experimental host plant for the citrus strain of Xylella fastidiosa"	"Catharanthus roseus, an experimental host plant for the citrus strain of Xylella fastidiosa | We verified by pathogenicity tests that the herbaceous plant Catharanthus roseus (Madagascar periwinkle) can be used as an experimental host for the strain of Xylella fastidiosa that causes citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC). Plants were mechanically inoculated with CVC strain 9a5c, the genome of which was recently sequenced. Plants were inoculated with the virulent 8th passage (9a5c-8) and the 51st passage (9a5c-51). Leaf deformation and stunting were seen 2 months after inoculation on 18 of 21 plants with 9a5c-8 and 8 of 21 plants with 9a5c-51. The plants were infected with X. fastidiosa as shown by polymerase chain reaction. The bacterium could be reisolated from all plants tested, showing that CVC-X. fastidiosa multiplied and moved systemically in C. roseus plants causing dysfunction in plant growth. The disease symptoms evolved within 4 months post-inoculation to a severe leaf chlorosis in all inoculated plants. The localization of X. fastidiosa in the xylem was verified by immunofluorescence. Genes coding for proteins with homologies to plant sterol-C-methyltransferase, a transketolase-like protein, subunit III of photosystem I, and a desiccation protectant protein were found to be differentially expressed in symptomatic C. roseus plants as a response to infection with X. fastidiosa in comparison to healthy plants. A tentative correlation between the pattern of expression of these C. roseus genes with the mechanism of pathogenicity of X. fastidiosa is discussed."
129	"J. M. Wells, B. C. Raju, H. Y. Hung, W. G. Weisburg, L. Mandelcopaul and D. J. Brenner"	"XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA GEN-NOV, SP-NOV - GRAM-NEGATIVE, XYLEM-LIMITED, FASTIDIOUS PLANT BACTERIA RELATED TO XANTHOMONAS-SPP"	"XYLELLA-FASTIDIOSA GEN-NOV, SP-NOV - GRAM-NEGATIVE, XYLEM-LIMITED, FASTIDIOUS PLANT BACTERIA RELATED TO XANTHOMONAS-SPP | "
203	"M. Hendson, A. H. Purcell, D. Chen, C. Smart, M. Guilhabert and B. Kirkpatrick"	Genetic diversity of Pierce's disease strains and other pathotypes of Xylella fastidiosa	Genetic diversity of Pierce's disease strains and other pathotypes of Xylella fastidiosa | 
198	"A. J. G. Simpson, F. C. Reinach, P. Arruda, F. A. Abreu, M. Acencio, R. Alvarenga, L. M. C. Alves, J. E. Araya, G. S. Baia, C. S. Baptista, M. H. Barros, E. D. Bonaccorsi, S. Bordin, J. M. Bove, M. R. S. Briones, M. R. P. Bueno, A. A. Camargo, L. E. A. Camargo, D. M. Carraro, H. Carrer, N. B. Colauto, C. Colombo, F. F. Costa, M. C. R. Costa, C. M. Costa-Neto, L. L. Coutinho, M. Cristofani, E. Dias-Neto, C. Docena, H. El-Dorry, A. P. Facincani, A. J. S. Ferreira, V. C. A. Ferreira, J. A. Ferro, J. S. Fraga, S. C. Franca, M. C. Franco, M. Frohme, L. R. Furlan, M. Garnier, G. H. Goldman, M. H. S. Goldman, S. L. Gomes, A. Gruber, P. L. Ho, J. D. Hoheisel, M. L. Junqueira, E. L. Kemper, J. P. Kitajima, J. E. Krieger, E. E. Kuramae, F. Laigret, M. R. Lambais, L. C. C. Leite, E. G. M. Lemos, M. V. F. Lemos, S. A. Lopes, C. R. Lopes, J. A. Machado, M. A. Machado, A. Madeira, H. M. F. Madeira, C. L. Marino, M. V. Marques, E. A. L. Martins, E. M. F. Martins, A. Y. Matsukuma, C. F. M. Menck, E. C. Miracca, C. Y. Miyaki, C. B. Monteiro-Vitorello, D. H. Moon, M. A. Nagai, A. Nascimento, L. E. S. Netto, A. Nhani, F. G. Nobrega, L. R. Nunes, M. A. Oliveira, M. C. de Oliveira, R. C. de Oliveira, D. A. Palmieri, A. Paris, B. R. Peixoto, G. A. G. Pereira, H. A. Pereira, J. B. Pesquero, R. B. Quaggio, P. G. Roberto, V. Rodrigues, A. J. D. Rosa, V. E. de Rosa, R. G. de Sa, R. V. Santelli, H. E. Sawasaki, A. C. R. da Silva, A. M. da Silva, F. R. da Silva, W. A. Silva, J. F. da Silveira, M. L. Z. Silvestri, W. J. Siqueira, A. A. de Souza, A. P. de Souza, M. F. Terenzi, D. Truffi, S. M. Tsai, M. H. Tsuhako, H. Vallada, M. A. Van Sluys, S. Verjovski-Almeida, A. L. Vettore, M. A. Zago, M. Zatz, J. Meidanis, J. C. Setubal and O. Xylella fastidiosa Consortium"	The genome sequence of the plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa	"The genome sequence of the plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa | Xylella fastidiosa is a fastidious, xylem-limited bacterium that causes a range of economically important plant diseases. Here we report the complete genome sequence of X. fastidiosa clone 9a5c, which causes citrus variegated chlorosis-a serious disease of orange trees. The genome comprises a 52.7% GC-rich 2,679,305-base-pair (bp) circular chromosome and two plasmids of 51,158 bp and 1,285 bp. We can assign putative functions to 47% of the 2,904 predicted coding regions. Efficient metabolic functions are predicted, with sugars as the principal energy and carbon source, supporting existence in the nutrient-poor xylem sap. The mechanisms associated with pathogenicity and virulence involve toxins, antibiotics and ion sequestration systems, as well as bacterium-bacterium and bacterium-host interactions mediated by a range of proteins. Orthologues of some of these proteins have only been identified in animal and human pathogens; their presence in X. fastidiosa indicates that the molecular basis for bacterial pathogenicity is both conserved and independent of host. At least 83 genes are bacteriophage-derived and include virulence-associated genes from other bacteria, providing direct evidence of phage-mediated horizontal gene transfer."
253	"M. Bergsma-Vlami, J. L. J. van de Bilt, N. N. A. Tjou-Tam-Sin, B. T. L. H. van de Vossenberg and M. Westenberg"	XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA IN COFFEA ARABICA ORNAMENTAL PLANTS IMPORTED FROM COSTA RICA AND HONDURAS IN THE NETHERLANDS	XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA IN COFFEA ARABICA ORNAMENTAL PLANTS IMPORTED FROM COSTA RICA AND HONDURAS IN THE NETHERLANDS | 
176	"M. E. Guldur, B. K. Caglar, M. A. Castellano, L. Unlu, S. Guran, M. A. Yilmaz and G. P. Martelli"	First report of almond leaf scorch in Turkey	First report of almond leaf scorch in Turkey | 
195	"E. B. Shapland, K. M. Daane, G. Y. Yokota, C. Wistrom, J. H. Connell, R. A. Duncan and M. A. Viveros"	Ground vegetation survey for Xylella fastidiosa in California almond orchards	"Ground vegetation survey for Xylella fastidiosa in California almond orchards | Xylella fastidioso is a xylem-limited bacterium that causes almond leaf scorch (ALS), Pierce's disease of grapevines, and other plant diseases. We surveyed ground vegetation in ALS-infected almond orchards in California's Central Valley for the presence of this bacterium. Plant tissue samples were collected throughout a 2-year period and processed for the presence of X. fastidiosa using restriction enzyme digestion of RST31 and RST33 polymerase chain reaction (PCR) products and bacterial culture on selective media. Overall disease incidence was low in the ground vegetation species; only 63 of 1,369 samples tested positive. Of the 38 species of common ground vegetation tested, 11 tested positive for X. fastidiosa, including such common species as shepherd's purse (Capsella bursa-pastoris), filaree (Erodium spp.), cheeseweed (Malva parvifolia), burclover (Medicago polymorpha), annual bluegrass (Poa annua) London rocket (Sisymbrium irio), and chickweed (Stellaria media). There was a seasonal component to bacterial presence, with positive samples found only between November and March. Both ground vegetation and almond trees were most commonly infected with the almond strain of X. fastidiosa (six of seven surveyed sites). ALS-infected almond samples had an X. fastidiosa concentration within previously reported ranges (1.84 x 10(6) to 2.15 x 10(7) CFU/g); however, we were unable to accurately measure X. fastidioso titer in sampled ground vegetation for comparison. These results are discussed with respect to ground vegetation management for ALS control."
184	L. M. Hutchins	Apparent localization of phony disease virus in the woody cylinder	"Apparent localization of phony disease virus in the woody cylinder | Attempts at the transmission of phony disease of peach [ R.A.M., xvii, p. 125] from infected to healthy trees by means of patch-grafting gave uniformly negative results, but when whole sections of diseased roots, comprising both bark and wood, were grafted on the roots of normal trees, transmission was effected in every case in which growth union took place. The phony virus would thus appear to be localized in the woody cylinder, though direct proof of this hypothesis is not yet forthcoming. In this connexion it may be noted that the chemical laboratory test for phony disease [ibid., xiii, p. 38] gives a positive reaction only in the wood, the bark responding negatively. The inclusion of graft inoculum from both bark and wood in future experiments on suspected virus diseases of woody plants is recommended."
179	"R. Hernandez-Martinez, H. S. Costa, C. K. Dumenyo and D. A. Cooksey"	"Differentiation of strains of Xylella fastidiosa infecting grape, almonds, and oleander using a multiprimer PCR assay"	"Differentiation of strains of Xylella fastidiosa infecting grape, almonds, and oleander using a multiprimer PCR assay | Xylella fastidiosa is a xylem-limited, nutritionally fastidious bacterium that causes several plant diseases including Pierce's disease (PD) in grape and leaf scorch in almond (ALS) and oleander (OLS). OLS strains belong to X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi, PD strains belong to X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa, and strains from almond designated as ALS strains are of two general types belonging either to X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex or X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa. The ALS strains assigned to X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex belong to two different genotypes (ALSI and ALSII) below the subspecies level. The OLS strains do not infect grape or almond. PD strains produce diseases in grape, alfalfa, almond, and some weeds, but they do not infect oleander, oak, peach, or citrus. ALS strains that belong to X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex do not produce disease on grape. In this study, a relatively simple polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based method was developed to distinguish among PD, OLS, and ALS strains. PCR performed with primers XF1968-L and XF1968-R amplified a 638-bp fragment from OLS strains but not from PD strains or ALS strains that belong to X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa. PCR with primers XF2542-L and XF2542-R amplified a 412-bp fragment from PD strains, but not from OLS strains. PCR with primers ALM1 and ALM2 produced a fragment of 521 bp from strains isolated from almond that belong to X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex. The combination of the three primer sets allowed the distinction of the two ALS genotypes of X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex. These results are in agreement with those obtained from analysis of sequences of 16S-23S rDNA intergenic spacer regions sequence analysis and with previous results based on randomly amplified polymorphic DNA analysis."
231	"V. C. Alencar, D. Barbosa, D. S. Santos, A. C. F. Oliveira, R. C. de Oliveira and L. R. Nunes"	Genomic Sequencing of Two Coffee-Infecting Strains of Xylella fastidiosa Isolated from Brazil	"Genomic Sequencing of Two Coffee-Infecting Strains of Xylella fastidiosa Isolated from Brazil | Here, we describe the draft genome sequences of two Xylella fastidiosa strains: Xf6c and Xf32, which have been obtained from infected coffee plants in Brazil, and are associated with the disease known as coffee leaf scorch (CLS)."
177	"J. R. Hartman, U. E. Jarlfors, W. M. Fountain and R. Thomas"	First report of bacterial leaf scorch caused by Xylella fastidiosa on sugar maple and sweetgum	First report of bacterial leaf scorch caused by Xylella fastidiosa on sugar maple and sweetgum | 
228	"S. J. Ahern, M. Das, T. S. Bhowmick, R. Young and C. F. Gonzalez"	Characterization of Novel Virulent Broad-Host-Range Phages of Xylella fastidiosa and Xanthomonas	"Characterization of Novel Virulent Broad-Host-Range Phages of Xylella fastidiosa and Xanthomonas | The xylem-limited bacterium Xylella fastidiosa is the causal agent of several plant diseases, most notably Pierce's disease of grape and citrus variegated chlorosis. We report the isolation and characterization of the first virulent phages for X. fastidiosa, siphophages Sano and Salvo and podophages Prado and Paz, with a host range that includes Xanthomonas spp. Phages propagated on homologous hosts had observed adsorption rate constants of similar to 4 x 10(-12) ml cell(-1) min(-1) for X. fastidiosa strain Temecula 1 and similar to 5 x 10(-10) to 7 x 10(-10) ml cell(-1) min(-1) for Xanthomonas strain EC-12. Sano and Salvo exhibit >80% nucleotide identity to each other in aligned regions and are syntenic to phage BcepNazgul. We propose that phage BcepNazgul is the founding member of a novel phage type, to which Sano and Salvo belong. The lysis genes of the Nazgul-like phage type include a gene that encodes an outer membrane lipoprotein endolysin and also spanin gene families that provide insight into the evolution of the lysis pathway for phages of Gram-negative hosts. Prado and Paz, although exhibiting no significant DNA homology to each other, are new members of the phiKMV-like phage type, based on the position of the single-subunit RNA polymerase gene. The four phages are type IV pilus dependent for infection of both X. fastidiosa and Xanthomonas. The phages may be useful as agents for an effective and environmentally responsible strategy for the control of diseases caused by X. fastidiosa."
200	R. Turnquist and D. Clarke	Vancouver Forest Region• 1992	Vancouver Forest Region• 1992 | 
207	J. D. Holley	Diseases diagnosed on herbaceous and woody ornamentals.	Diseases diagnosed on herbaceous and woody ornamentals. | 
191	"L. Nunney, D. B. Vickerman, R. E. Bromley, S. A. Russell, J. R. Hartman, L. D. Morano and R. Stouthamer"	Recent Evolutionary Radiation and Host Plant Specialization in the Xylella fastidiosa Subspecies Native to the United States	"Recent Evolutionary Radiation and Host Plant Specialization in the Xylella fastidiosa Subspecies Native to the United States | The bacterial pathogen, Xylella fastidiosa, infects many plant species in the Americas, making it a good model for investigating the genetics of host adaptation. We used multilocus sequence typing (MLST) to identify isolates of the native U.S. subsp. multiplex that were largely unaffected by intersubspecific homologous recombination (IHR) and to investigate how their evolutionary history influences plant host specialization. We identified 110 \non-IHR\"" isolates, 2 minimally recombinant \""intermediate\"" ones (including the subspecific type), and 31 with extensive IHR. The non-IHR and intermediate isolates defined 23 sequence types (STs) which we used to identify 22 plant hosts (73% trees) characteristic of the subspecies. Except for almond, subsp. multiplex showed no host overlap with the introduced subspecies (subspecies fastidiosa and sandyi). MLST sequences revealed that subsp. multiplex underwent recent radiation (<25% of subspecies age) which included only limited intrasubspecific recombination (rho/theta = 0.02); only one isolated lineage (ST50 from ash) was older. A total of 20 of the STs grouped into three loose phylogenetic clusters distinguished by nonoverlapping hosts (excepting purple leaf plum): \""almond,\"" \""peach,\"" and \""oak\"" types. These host differences were not geographical, since all three types also occurred in California. ST designation was a good indicator of host specialization. ST09, widespread in the southeastern United States, only infected oak species, and all peach isolates were ST10 (from California, Florida, and Georgia). Only ST23 had a broad host range. Hosts of related genotypes were sometimes related, but often host groupings crossed plant family or even order, suggesting that phylogenetically plastic features of hosts affect bacterial pathogenicity."""
192	"B. C. Raju, A. C. Goheen, D. Teliz and G. Nyland"	PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES IN MEXICO	"PIERCES DISEASE OF GRAPEVINES IN MEXICO | A bacterium with rippled cell walls was isolated and cultured from the petioles of grape leaves with symptoms of Pierce's disease. The leaves were collected from Parras, Mexico. The organism was reinoculated by vacuum infiltration and needle injection into dormant and rooted green cuttings of grape cultivars. Characteristic symptoms of Pierce's disease developed within 2-3 mo; controls remained healthy. The bacterium was reisolated from the experimentally infected vines. A sonicated cell suspension of the Mexican isolate was used to produce antiserum in New Zealand white rabbits. Serologically, the Mexican isolate was the same as the Pierce's disease organism isolated from grape, almond and alfalfa from California (USA). Florida (USA) and Costa Rica. The isolates from grapes in Mexico and Florida formed an extra band in agar gel double-diffusion tests, with homologous antisera."
182	D. L. Hopkins	"SEASONAL CONCENTRATION OF THE PIERCES DISEASE BACTERIUM IN GRAPEVINE STEMS, PETIOLES, AND LEAF VEINS"	"SEASONAL CONCENTRATION OF THE PIERCES DISEASE BACTERIUM IN GRAPEVINE STEMS, PETIOLES, AND LEAF VEINS | "
135	"X. Yuan, L. Morano, R. Bromley, S. Spring-Pearson, R. Stouthamer and L. Nunney"	Multilocus Sequence Typing of Xylella fastidiosa Causing Pierce's Disease and Oleander Leaf Scorch in the United States	"Multilocus Sequence Typing of Xylella fastidiosa Causing Pierce's Disease and Oleander Leaf Scorch in the United States | Using a modified multilocus sequence typing (MLST) scheme for the bacterial plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa based on the same seven housekeeping genes employed in a previously published MLST, we studied the genetic diversity of two subspecies, X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa and X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi, which cause Pierce's disease and oleander leaf scorch, respectively. Typing of 85 U.S. isolates (plus one from northern Mexico) of X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa from 15 different plant hosts and 21 isolates of X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi from 4 different hosts in California and Texas supported their subspecific status. Analysis using the MLST genes plus one cell-surface gene showed no significant genetic differentiation based on geography or host plant within either subspecies. Two cases of homologous recombination (with X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex, the third U.S. subspecies) were detected in X. subsp. fastidiosa. Excluding recombination, MLST site polymorphism in X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa (0.048%) and X. fastidiosa subsp. sandyi (0.000%) was substantially lower than in X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex (0.240%), consistent with the hypothesis that X. fastidiosa subspp. fastidiosa and sandyi were introduced into the United States (probably just prior to 1880 and 1980, respectively). Using whole-genome analysis, we showed that MLST is more effective at genetic discrimination at the specific and subspecific level than other typing methods applied to X. fastidiosa. Moreover. MLST is the only technique effective in detecting recombination."
205	"R. Albibi, J. Chen, O. Lamikanra, D. Banks, R. Jarret and B. Smith"	RAPD fingerprinting Xylella fastidiosa Pierce's disease strains isolated from a vineyard in North Florida	RAPD fingerprinting Xylella fastidiosa Pierce's disease strains isolated from a vineyard in North Florida | 
183	D. L. Hopkins and J. A. Mortensen	SUPPRESSION OF PIERCES DISEASE SYMPTOMS BY TETRACYCLINE ANTIBIOTICS	SUPPRESSION OF PIERCES DISEASE SYMPTOMS BY TETRACYCLINE ANTIBIOTICS | 
189	"R. E. McCoy, D. L. Thomas, J. H. Tsai and W. J. French"	"PERIWINKLE WILT, A NEW DISEASE ASSOCIATED WITH XYLEM DELIMITED RICKETTSIAL-LIKE BACTERIA TRANSMITTED BY A SHARPSHOOTER"	"PERIWINKLE WILT, A NEW DISEASE ASSOCIATED WITH XYLEM DELIMITED RICKETTSIAL-LIKE BACTERIA TRANSMITTED BY A SHARPSHOOTER | "
197	"J. L. Sherald, S. J. Kostka and S. S. Hurtt"	"PATHOGENICITY OF FASTIDIOUS, XYLEM-INHABITING BACTERIA (FXIB) ON AMERICAN SYCAMORE"	"PATHOGENICITY OF FASTIDIOUS, XYLEM-INHABITING BACTERIA (FXIB) ON AMERICAN SYCAMORE | "
134	C. Wistrom and A. H. Purcell	The fate of Xylella fastidiosa in vineyard weeds and other alternate hosts in California	"The fate of Xylella fastidiosa in vineyard weeds and other alternate hosts in California | The fate of Xylella fastidiosa, the bacterium that causes Pierce's disease of grape, was assessed in 29 species of plants associated with vineyards in California's San Joaquin Valley. Bacterial populations and movement in greenhouse-grown plants were measured 1, 3, and 9 weeks after mechanical and insect inoculation. X. fastidiosa was recovered in 27 of 29 species in greenhouse tests, with common sunflower (Helianthus annuus), cocklebur (Xanthium strumarium), annual bur-sage (Ambrosia acanthicarpa), morning glory (lpomoea purpurea), horseweed (Conyza canadensis), sacred datura (Datura wrightii), poison hemlock (Conium maculatum), and fava bean (Vicia faba cv. Aquadulce) being infected in more than 50% of inoculation attempts. Twenty-three species supported bacterial populations in excess of 10(4) CFU/g of plant tissue. X. fastidiosa populations increased for 9 weeks after inoculation in six species, and were static or declined in 16 species. Although the blue-green sharpshooter (Graphocephala atropunctata) was more efficient than mechanical inoculation for infecting plants, median populations and systemic movement for the two methods did not differ significantly. X. fastidiosa colonization of greenhouse and field-grown plants was compared in five alternate hosts. X. fastidiosa was recovered from 23 and 34% of field-grown plants, compared with 49 and 67% of greenhouse-grown plants, in the winter and summer, respectively, with at least 10 times fewer bacteria in field plants in the winter. Although X. fastidiosa has a wide host plant range, its fate in most species is variable and heavily influenced by field conditions."
206	"P. R. D.-B. Northover, F."	Diseases diagnosed on crop samples submitted in 2011 to the Saskatchewan Ministry of Agriculture Crop Protection Laboratory.	Diseases diagnosed on crop samples submitted in 2011 to the Saskatchewan Ministry of Agriculture Crop Protection Laboratory. | 
187	"P. T. Lacava, W. L. Araujo and J. L. Azevedo"	Evaluation of endophytic colonization of Citrus sinensis and Catharanthus roseus seedlings by endophytic bacteria	"Evaluation of endophytic colonization of Citrus sinensis and Catharanthus roseus seedlings by endophytic bacteria | Over the last few years, the endophytic bacterial community associated with citrus has been studied as an important component interacting with Xylella fastidiosa, the causal agent of citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC). This bacterium may also colonize some model plants, such as Catharanthus roseus and Nicotiana clevelandii. In the present study, we compared the endophytic colonization of Citrus sinensis and Catharanthus roseus using the endophytic bacteria Klebsiella pneumoniae. We chose an appropriate strain, K. pneumoniae 342 (Kp342), labeled with the GFP gene. This strain was inoculated onto seedlings of C. sinensis and C. roseus. The isolation frequency was determined one week after the inoculation and the endophytic colonization of K. pneumoniae was observed using fluorescence microscopy. Although the endophytic bacterium was more frequently isolated from C. roseus than from C. sinensis, the colonization profiles for both host plants were similar, suggesting that C. roseus could be used as a model plant to study the interaction between endophytic bacteria and X. fastidiosa."
194	"M. Saponari, D. Boscia, F. Nigro and G. P. Martelli"	"IDENTIFICATION OF DNA SEQUENCES RELATED TO XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA IN OLEANDER, ALMOND AND OLIVE TREES EXHIBITING LEAF SCORCH SYMPTOMS IN APULIA (SOUTHERN ITALY)"	"IDENTIFICATION OF DNA SEQUENCES RELATED TO XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA IN OLEANDER, ALMOND AND OLIVE TREES EXHIBITING LEAF SCORCH SYMPTOMS IN APULIA (SOUTHERN ITALY) | "
199	"C.-C. Su, C. J. Chang, C.-M. Chang, H.-T. Shih, K.-C. Tzeng, F.-J. Jan, C.-W. Kao and W.-L. Deng"	"Pierce's Disease of Grapevines in Taiwan: Isolation, Cultivation and Pathogenicity of Xylella fastidiosa"	"Pierce's Disease of Grapevines in Taiwan: Isolation, Cultivation and Pathogenicity of Xylella fastidiosa | Characteristic symptoms of Pierce's disease (PD) in grapevines (Vitis vinifera L.) were observed in 2002 in the major grape production fields of central Taiwan. Disease severity in vineyards varied, and all investigated grape cultivars were affected. Diseased tissues were collected from fields for subsequent isolation and characterization of the causal agent of the disease (Xylella fastidiosa). Koch's postulates were fulfilled by artificially inoculating two purified PD bacteria to grape cultivars Kyoho, Honey Red and Golden Muscat. The inoculated plants developed typical leaf-scorching symptoms, and similar disease severity developed in the three cultivars from which the bacterium was readily re-isolated, proving that the leaf scorch of grapevines in Taiwan is caused by the fastidious X.fastidiosa. This confirmed PD of grapevines is also the first report from the Asian Continent. Phylogenetic analyses were performed by comparing the 16S rRNA gene and 16S-23S rRNA internal transcribed spacer region (16S-23S ITS) of 12 PD strains from Taiwan with the sequences of 13 X.fastidiosa strains from different hosts and different geographical areas. Results showed that the PD strains of Taiwan were closely related to the American X.fastidiosa grape strains but not to the pear strains of Taiwan, suggesting that the X.fastidiosa grape and pear strains of Taiwan may have evolved independently from each other."
204	"N. W. Schaad, E. Postnikova, G. Lacy, M. B. Fatmi and C.-J. Chang"	"Xylella fastidiosa subspecies: X. fastidiosa subsp piercei, subsp. nov., X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex subsp. nov., and X. fastidiosa subsp. pauca subsp. nov"	"Xylella fastidiosa subspecies: X. fastidiosa subsp piercei, subsp. nov., X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex subsp. nov., and X. fastidiosa subsp. pauca subsp. nov | "
127	W. F. Turner and H. N. Pollard	Additional leafhopper vectors of phony peach	"Additional leafhopper vectors of phony peach | Recent experiments have demonstrated that Homalodisca insolita and Draeculacephala sp. can transmit phony peach (virus) in controlled tests. Six leafhoppers have now been incriminated as vectors. All belong to the subfamily Tettigellinae, a group that draws its sustenance from the woody tissue of its hosts. Xylem-feeding appears a critical factor in determining ability to transmit the virus; it is probable that any of the Tettigellinae that feed on peach can effect transmission. ABSTRACT AUTHORS: W. F. Turner"
555	 Saponari M.	Host of Xylella fastidiosa strain CoDiRO_Apulia_Dec_2015	Host of Xylella fastidiosa strain CoDiRO_Apulia_Dec_2015 | Notification of Host of Xylella fastidiosa strain CoDiRO received by Maria Saponari on the 18 ecember 2015
554	 CABASSUT G.	MISE A JOUR n°8 EN DATE DU 27/11/2015 NOTIFICATION DE LA PRESENCE D'ORGANISMES NUISIBLES ET DES MESURES DE LUTTE	"MISE A JOUR n°8 EN DATE DU 27/11/2015 NOTIFICATION DE LA PRESENCE D'ORGANISMES NUISIBLES ET DES MESURES DE LUTTE | Les premiers résultats d’analyse sont revenus positifs le 22/07/2015. Des mesures de gestion ont immédiatement été prises conformément à la décision 2015/789 du 8 mai 2015. Un plan d’urgence est déployé. La première contamination concernait une haie de Polygales à feuilles de myrte dans un environnement d’une zone commerciale. Les données de traçabilité ont permis de détecter d’autres végétaux contaminés issus du même lot de Polygales, et plantés dans un collège, un village de vacances ainsi que chez un particulier. Les végétaux contaminés ont été détruits. Les enquêtes de traçabilité, un renforcement de la surveillance sur polygales et de nombreuses déclarations spontanées ont permis d’identifier un total de 193 foyers."
549	"S. Zhang, P. K. Chakrabarty, L. A. Fleites, P. A. Rayside, D. L. Hopkins and D. W. Gabriel"	Three New Pierce's Disease Pathogenicity Effectors Identified Using Xylella fastidiosa Biocontrol Strain EB92-1	"Three New Pierce's Disease Pathogenicity Effectors Identified Using Xylella fastidiosa Biocontrol Strain EB92-1 | Xylella fastidiosa (X. fastidiosa) infects a wide range of plant hosts and causes economically serious diseases, including Pierce's Disease (PD) of grapevines. X. fastidiosa biocontrol strain EB92-1 was isolated from elderberry and is infectious and persistent in grapevines but causes only very slight symptoms under ideal conditions. The draft genome of EB92-1 revealed that it appeared to be missing genes encoding 10 potential PD pathogenicity effectors found in Temecula1. Subsequent PCR and sequencing analyses confirmed that EB92-1 was missing the following predicted effectors found in Temecula1: two type II secreted enzymes, including a lipase (LipA; PD1703) and a serine protease (PD0956); two identical genes encoding proteins similar to Zonula occludens toxins (Zot; PD0915 and PD0928), and at least one relatively short, hemagglutinin-like protein (PD0986). Leaves of tobacco and citrus inoculated with cell-free, crude protein extracts of E. coli BL21(DE3) overexpressing PD1703 exhibited a hypersensitive response (HR) in less than 24 hours. When cloned into shuttle vector pBBR1MCS-5, PD1703 conferred strong secreted lipase activity to Xanthomonas citri, E. coli and X. fastidiosa EB92-1 in plate assays. EB92-1/PD1703 transformants also showed significantly increased disease symptoms on grapevines, characteristic of PD. Genes predicted to encode PD0928 (Zot) and a PD0986 (hemagglutinin) were also cloned into pBBR1MCS-5 and moved into EB92-1; both transformants also showed significantly increased symptoms on V. vinifera vines, characteristic of PD. Together, these results reveal that PD effectors include at least a lipase, two Zot-like toxins and a possibly redundant hemagglutinin, none of which are necessary for parasitic survival of X. fastidiosa populations in grapevines or elderberry."
545	"J. Yang, C. Roper, J. Borneman, J. Gloer, K. Maloney and P. Rolshausen"	Biological control of Pierce's Disease: Identification of the endophytic mycobiota inhabiting diseased and symptomless grapevines	Biological control of Pierce's Disease: Identification of the endophytic mycobiota inhabiting diseased and symptomless grapevines | 
539	"C. M. Wallis, A. K. Wallingford and J. Chen"	"Effects of cultivar, phenology, and Xylella fastidiosa infection on grapevine xylem sap and tissue phenolic content"	"Effects of cultivar, phenology, and Xylella fastidiosa infection on grapevine xylem sap and tissue phenolic content | Phenolic compounds, which may provide tolerance to Pierce's disease [caused by Xylella fastidiosa (Xf)], were examined in non-infected and Xf-infected Chardonnay, Merlot, and Rubired grapevines at three different times during the growing season. Xylem sap and tissue phenolic levels were substantially affected by phenology, with greatest levels occurring in August. Merlot grapevines generally possessed greater phenolic levels than Chardonnay or Rubired, and also had greater symptoms than Rubired. Infection status affected phenolic levels little or not at all. Therefore, the potential induction of phenolics in response to Xf infection did not affect phenolic levels as much as phenology or cultivar. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
538	"C. M. Wallis, A. K. Wallingford and J. Chen"	"Grapevine rootstock effects on scion sap phenolic levels, resistance to Xylella fastidiosa infection, and progression of Pierce's disease"	"Grapevine rootstock effects on scion sap phenolic levels, resistance to Xylella fastidiosa infection, and progression of Pierce's disease | The xylem-limited bacterium Xylella fastidiosa (Xf) causes Pierce's disease (PD), an important disease of grapevine, Vitis vinifera L. Grapevine rootstocks were developed to provide increased resistance to root disease, but rootstock effects on cane and vine diseases remain unclear. Grapevines that consisted of Cabernet Sauvignon or Chardonnay grafted to 13 different rootstocks were inoculated with Xf and evaluated for PD severity and Xf titer after 6 months. A subset of six rootstock/scion combinations had xylem sap phenolic levels assessed in non-infected and Xf-infected grapevines. Vigor also was analyzed by measuring root lengths and masses. Cabernet Sauvignon grafted to 101-14MG, 1103P 420A, or Schwarzmann had reduced PD severity compared to Cabernet Sauvignon grafted to 110R, 5BB, or SO4. Chardonnay grafted to Salt Creek or Freedom had reduced PD severity compared to Chardonnay grafted to RS3 or Schwarzmann. Chardonnay grafted to RS3 had greater Xf titer than Chardonnay grafted to 101-14MG, Freedom, or Salt Creek. No other differences in Xf titer among rootstocks were observed. Of the six scion/rootstock combinations which had xylem sap phenolics analyzed, Chardonnay/RS3 had the highest levels of most phenolics whereas Cabernet Sauvignon/101-14MG had the lowest phenolic levels. However, Chardonnay/101-14MG, which had mild PD symptoms, had greater sap levels of caftaric acid than other scion/rootstock combinations. Sap levels of caftaric acid, methyl salicylate, a procyanidin trimer, and quinic acid were greater in Xf-infected vs. non-infected grapevines. Chardonnay on 101-14MG or Salt Creek had greater root mass than Chardonnay on RS3. Cabernet Sauvignon on 101-14MG had greater root mass than Cabernet Sauvignon on 110R. These results identified rootstocks with the capacity for reducing PD symptom progression. Rootstocks also were shown to affect Xf titer, xylem sap phenolic levels, and plant vigor."
535	"A. K. Wallingford, C. M. Wallis and J. Chen"	Effects of rootstock on Xylella fastidiosa infection and grapevine sap phenolics	Effects of rootstock on Xylella fastidiosa infection and grapevine sap phenolics | 
514	"C. Su, C. Chang, C. Chang, W. Su, J. Chu, W. Deng and H. Shih"	Occurrence of Pierce's disease of grapevines and its control strategies in Taiwan	"Occurrence of Pierce's disease of grapevines and its control strategies in Taiwan | PD of grapes caused by Xylella fastidiosa, a xylem-limited bacterium, has been listed as one of the international quarantine plant diseases. From 2002, the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine launched a survey project to detect PD in Taiwan. So far, a total of 13,674 grapevines were confirmed to be infected by X. fastidiosa via direct isolations and PCR protocols. Other than grapes, the following four plants were confirmed to be the alternative hosts of PD in Taiwan: Diplocyclos palmatus (L.) C. Jeffrey, Ampelopsis brevipedunculata (Maxim.) Trautv var. hancei (Planch.) Rehder., Humulus scandens (Lour.) Merr., and Mallotus paniculatus (Lam.) Muell.-Arg. The 16S rRNA sequences of PD strains isolated from tissues of grapevines exhibiting PD symptoms collected from 5 counties and 4 alternative hosts were compared with X. fastidiosa from other hosts. The phylogenetic trees constructed with neighbour-joining method revealed that X. fastidiosa strains from different hosts could be divided into five subgroups and the PD strains from Taiwan were grouped with grapevine and mulberry strains from the Americas. The control strategies recommended for limiting the spread of PD are as follows: (1) to plant the healthy seedlings and eradicate the PD-like grapevines immediately (2) to eradicate the alternative hosts and the weeds that insect vectors favor (3) to control the population of indigenous insect vectors and avoid the invasion of foreign insect vectors."
496	R. S. Sanderlin	Susceptibility of Some Common Pecan Rootstocks to Infection by Xylella fastidiosa	"Susceptibility of Some Common Pecan Rootstocks to Infection by Xylella fastidiosa | Pecan [Carya illinoinensis (Wangenh.) K. Koch], a hardwood tree native to North America, is grown for commercial production of nuts in southeastern, central, and western regions of the United States. Pecan is also grown commercially in Mexico, South Africa, Australia, and some countries in South America. Pecan trees can be infected by the broad host range xylem-limited bacterial pathogen Xylella fastidiosa Wells et al. Infection incites a leaf scorch disease that can cause significant defoliation, reduced tree growth, and lower nut yield. Pecan cultivars are clonally propagated onto rootstocks grown from open-pollinated seed of selected cultivars. X. fastidiosa is transmitted at a high frequency from infected rootstocks into newly developing grafted trees. Rootstocks resistant to infection would be beneficial to pecan nurseries and pecan producers to prevent infection of young trees through grafting, especially when combined with hot-water treatment of scions to eliminate the pathogen. Some common rootstocks were tested for variation in susceptibility to infection using mechanical inoculation with the pathogen. No outstanding level of resistance to infection was detected among the seven rootstocks tested. The rootstocks from 'Curtis', 'Elliott', and 'Riverside' were less susceptible than one standard rootstock in the test ('VC1-68') and less susceptible than highly susceptible 'Cape Fear' rootstock. Conversely, the rootstocks from 'Apache', 'Moore', 'Stuart', and 'VC1-68' seed had a level of susceptibility to infection comparable to 'Cape Fear' and perhaps are not the best choice for rootstocks in geographic areas where X. fastidiosa is prevalent. The results of this research suggest that there is variation in rootstock susceptibility to infection by X fastidiosa. The use of mechanical inoculation may facilitate identification of susceptibility categories of pecan rootstocks to the pecan bacterial leaf scorch pathogen."
488	E. E. Rogers and C. A. Ledbetter	Susceptibility to Xylella fastidiosa in a First-generation Hybrid from a non-traditional Peach-Almond Cross	"Susceptibility to Xylella fastidiosa in a First-generation Hybrid from a non-traditional Peach-Almond Cross | To facilitate development of Prunus L. rootstocks with desirable agronomic traits, domesticated peach (Prunus persica) and almond (P. dulcis) were crossed with wild almond relatives. This work reports that a hybrid from a P. webbii x P. persica cv. Harrow Blood cross is susceptible to almond leaf scorch disease (ALSD). ALSD is caused by the fastidious, xylem-limited bacterium Xylella fastidiosa. The P. webbii X 'Harrow Blood' hybrid, along with its parents, was inoculated with two ALSD-inducing strains (X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa strain M23 and subsp. multiplex strain Dixon). Both X. fastidiosa strains grew to high titer in the susceptible P. webbii parent and in the interspecific hybrid; defoliation was also observed. As expected, 'Harrow Blood' did not exhibit defoliation symptoms or support growth of X. fastidiosa. This result contrasts with earlier work demonstrating that a P. persica x P. dulcis hybrid is not a suitable host for X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa M23. It appears that the genetic basis of resistance/susceptibility differs between a P. persica x P. dulcis cross and the P. webbii X P. persica cross reported here. Understanding the degree of susceptibility to X. fastidiosa in complex hybrids of subgenus Amygdalus should be an important part of rootstock development."
485	"C. M. Rodrigues, A. A. de Souza, M. A. Takita, L. T. Kishi and M. A. Machado"	RNA-Seq analysis of Citrus reticulata in the early stages of Xylella fastidiosa infection reveals auxin-related genes as a defense response	"RNA-Seq analysis of Citrus reticulata in the early stages of Xylella fastidiosa infection reveals auxin-related genes as a defense response | Background: Citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC), caused by Xylella fastidiosa, is one the most important citrus diseases, and affects all varieties of sweet orange (Citrus sinensis L. Osb). On the other hand, among the Citrus genus there are different sources of resistance against X. fastidiosa. For these species identifying these defense genes could be an important step towards obtaining sweet orange resistant varieties through breeding or genetic engineering. To assess these genes we made use of mandarin (C. reticulata Blanco) that is known to be resistant to CVC and shares agronomical characteristics with sweet orange. Thus, we investigated the gene expression in Ponkan mandarin at one day after infection with X. fastidiosa, using RNA-seq. A set of genes considered key elements in the resistance was used to confirm its regulation in mandarin compared with the susceptible sweet orange. Results: Gene expression analysis of mock inoculated and infected tissues of Ponkan mandarin identified 667 transcripts repressed and 724 significantly induced in the later. Among the induced transcripts, we identified genes encoding proteins similar to Pattern Recognition Receptors. Furthermore, many genes involved in secondary metabolism, biosynthesis and cell wall modification were upregulated as well as in synthesis of abscisic acid, jasmonic acid and auxin. Conclusions: This work demonstrated that the defense response to the perception of bacteria involves cell wall modification and activation of hormone pathways, which probably lead to the induction of other defense-related genes. We also hypothesized the induction of auxin-related genes indicates that resistant plants initially recognize X. fastidiosa as a necrotrophic pathogen."
478	"A. Rashed, J. Kwan, B. Baraff, D. Ling, M. P. Daugherty, N. Killiny and R. P. P. Almeida"	Relative Susceptibility of Vitis vinifera Cultivars to Vector-Borne Xylella fastidiosa through Time	"Relative Susceptibility of Vitis vinifera Cultivars to Vector-Borne Xylella fastidiosa through Time | Understanding the interactions between pathogen, crop and vector are necessary for the development of disease control practices of vector-borne pathogens. For instance, resistant plant genotypes can help constrain disease symptoms due to infections and limit pathogen spread by vectors. On the other hand, genotypes susceptible to infection may increase pathogen spread owing to their greater pathogen quantity, regardless of their symptom status. In this study, we evaluated under greenhouse conditions the relative levels of resistance (i.e. relatively lower pathogen quantity) versus tolerance (i.e. less symptom severity) of 10 commercial grapevine (Vitis vinifera) cultivars to Pierce's disease etiological agent, the bacterium Xylella fastidiosa. Overall, no correlation was detected between pathogen quantity and disease severity, indicating the existence of among-cultivar variation in plant response to infection. Thompson Seedless and Barbera were the two most susceptible among 10 evaluated cultivars. Rubired showed the least severe disease symptoms and was categorized as one of the most resistant genotypes in this study. However, within each cultivar the degree of resistance/tolerance was not consistent across sampling dates. These cultivar and temporal differences in susceptibility to infection may have important consequences for disease epidemiology and the effectiveness of management protocols."
468	"B. K. Pierce, T. Voegel and B. C. Kirkpatrick"	The Xylella fastidiosa PD1063 Protein Is Secreted in Association with Outer Membrane Vesicles	"The Xylella fastidiosa PD1063 Protein Is Secreted in Association with Outer Membrane Vesicles | Xylella fastidiosa is a gram-negative, xylem-limited plant pathogenic bacterium that causes disease in a variety of economically important agricultural crops including Pierce's disease of grapevines. Xylella fastidiosa biofilms formed in the xylem vessels of plants play a key role in early colonization and pathogenicity by providing a protected niche and enhanced cell survival. Here we investigate the role of Xylella fastidiosa PD1063, the predicted ortholog of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae PXO_03968, which encodes an outer membrane protein. To assess the function of the Xylella fastidiosa ortholog, we created Xylella fastidiosa mutants deleted for PD1063 and then assessed biofilm formation, cell-cell aggregation and cell growth in vitro. We also assessed disease severity and pathogen titers in grapevines mechanically inoculated with the Xylella fastidiosa PD1063 mutant. We found a significant decrease in cell-cell aggregation among PD1063 mutants but no differences in cell growth, biofilm formation, disease severity or titers in planta. Based on the demonstration that Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae PXO_03968 encodes an outer membrane protein, secreted in association with outer membrane vesicles, we predicted that PD1063 would also be secreted in a similar manner. Using anti-PD1063 antibodies, we found PD1063 in the supernatant and secreted in association with outer membrane vesicles. PD1063 purified from the supernatant, outer membrane fractions and outer membrane vesicles was 19.2 kD, corresponding to the predicted size of the processed protein. Our findings suggest Xylella fastidiosa PD1063 is not essential for development of Pierce's disease in Vitis vinifera grapevines although further research is required to determine the function of the PD1063 outer membrane protein in Xylella fastidiosa."
458	"P. Ouyang, M. Arif, J. Fletcher, U. Melcher and F. M. Ochoa Corona"	"Enhanced reliability and accuracy for field deployable bioforensic detection and discrimination of Xylella fastidiosa subsp. pauca, causal agent of citrus variegated chlorosis using razor ex technology and TaqMan quantitative PCR"	"Enhanced reliability and accuracy for field deployable bioforensic detection and discrimination of Xylella fastidiosa subsp. pauca, causal agent of citrus variegated chlorosis using razor ex technology and TaqMan quantitative PCR | A reliable, accurate and rapid multigene-based assay combining real time quantitative PCR (qPCR) and a Razor Ex BioDetection System (Razor Ex) was validated for detection of Xylella fastidiosa subsp. pauca (Xfp, a xylem-limited bacterium that causes citrus variegated chlorosis [CVC]). CVC, which is exotic to the United States, has spread through South and Central America and could significantly impact U.S. citrus if it arrives. A method for early, accurate and sensitive detection of Xfp in plant tissues is needed by plant health officials for inspection of products from quarantined locations, and by extension specialists for detection, identification and management of disease outbreaks and reservoir hosts. Two sets of specific PCR primers and probes, targeting Xfp genes for fimbrillin and the periplasmic iron-binding protein were designed. A third pair of primers targeting the conserved cobalamin synthesis protein gene was designed to detect all possible X. fastidiosa (Xf) strains. All three primer sets detected as little as 1 fg of plasmid DNA carrying X. fastidiosa target sequences and genomic DNA of Xfp at as little as 1 - 10 fg. The use of Razor Ex facilitates a rapid (about 30 min) in-field assay capability for detection of all Xf strains, and for specific detection of Xfp. Combined use of three primer sets targeting different genes increased the assay accuracy and broadened the range of detection. To our knowledge, this is the first report of a field-deployable rapid and reliable bioforensic detection and discrimination method for a bacterial phytopathogen based on multigene targets."
457	"J. E. Oliver, S. A. Sefick, J. K. Parker, T. Arnold, P. A. Cobine and L. De la Fuente"	Ionome Changes in Xylella fastidiosa-Infected Nicotiana tabacum Correlate With Virulence and Discriminate Between Subspecies of Bacterial Isolates	"Ionome Changes in Xylella fastidiosa-Infected Nicotiana tabacum Correlate With Virulence and Discriminate Between Subspecies of Bacterial Isolates | Characterization of ionomes has been used to uncover the basis of nutrient utilization and environmental adaptation of plants. Here, ionomic profiles were used to understand the phenotypic response of a plant to infection by genetically diverse isolates of Xylella fastidiosa, a gram-negative, xylem-limited bacterial plant pathogen. In this study, X. fastidiosa isolates were used to infect a common model host (Nicotiana tabacum 'SR1'), and leaf and sap concentrations of eleven elements together with plant colonization and symptoms were assessed. Multivariate statistical analysis revealed that changes in the ionome were significantly correlated with symptom severity and bacterial populations in host petioles. Moreover, plant ionome modification by infection could be used to differentiate the X. fastidiosa sub-species with which the plant was infected. This report establishes host ionome modification as a phenotypic response to infection."
456	"J. E. Oliver, P. A. Cobine and L. De La Fuente"	Xylella fastidiosa Isolates from Both subsp multiplex and fastidiosa Cause Disease on Southern Highbush Blueberry (Vaccinium sp.) Under Greenhouse Conditions	"Xylella fastidiosa Isolates from Both subsp multiplex and fastidiosa Cause Disease on Southern Highbush Blueberry (Vaccinium sp.) Under Greenhouse Conditions | Xylella fastidiosa is a xylem-limited gram-negative plant pathogen that affects numerous crop species, including grape, citrus, peach, pecan, and almond. Recently, X. fastidiosa has also been found to be the cause of bacterial leaf scorch on blueberry in the southeastern United States. Thus far, all X. fastidiosa isolates obtained from infected blueberry have been classified as X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex; however, X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa isolates are also present in the southeastern United States and commonly cause Pierce's disease of grapevines. In this study, seven southeastern U.S. isolates of X. fastidiosa, including three X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa isolates from grape, one X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa isolate from elderberry, and three X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex isolates from blueberry, were used to infect the southern highbush blueberry 'Rebel'. Following inoculation, all isolates colonized blueberry, and isolates from both X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex and X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa caused symptoms, including characteristic stem yellowing and leaf scorch symptoms as well as dieback of the stem tips. Two X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex isolates from blueberry caused more severe symptoms than the other isolates examined, and infection with these two isolates also had a significant impact on host mineral nutrient content in sap and leaves. These findings have potential implications for understanding X. fastidiosa host adaptation and expansion and the development of emerging diseases caused by this bacterium."
453	"K. O'Keefe, C. Del Cid, C. A. Pinedo, W. Puetz and C. J. Springer"	Elevated CO2 Does Not Ameliorate the Negative Consequences of Infection with the Xylem-Limited Bacteria Xylella fastidiosa in Quercus rubra Seedlings	"Elevated CO2 Does Not Ameliorate the Negative Consequences of Infection with the Xylem-Limited Bacteria Xylella fastidiosa in Quercus rubra Seedlings | Elevated atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration ([CO2]) alters the physiology, growth, and development of plants. These changes in plant functioning are likely to impact the relationship between some plant pathogens and their hosts. This study examined the interactive effects of elevated [CO2] and the economically important, xylem-limited bacterial pathogen Xylella fastidiosa Wells et al. on the physiology and growth of Quercus rubra L. (red oak) seedlings. We hypothesized that growth at elevated [CO2] would ameliorate the negative consequences of infection on Q. rubra growth and physiology. Oak seedlings were inoculated with a natural strain of X fastidiosa and grown under \ambient\"" (400 ppm) and \""elevated\"" (1,000 ppm) [CO2] for 24 wk. Gas exchange, plant growth, and biomass allocation were measured to determine if elevated [CO2] alleviated the severity of X. fastidiosa induced water stress. Xylella fastidiosa infection decreased photosynthesis, stomatal conductance, and transpiration, as well as leaf area and total biomass. Although photosynthesis increased in both noninfected and X. fastidiosa infected plants grown at elevated [CO2], the lack of a significant [CO2] x infection interaction indicated that elevated [CO2] did not ameliorate the effects of X. fastidiosa infection on leaf-level physiology. Additionally, photosynthetic increases at elevated [CO2] did not translate to relief of infection symptoms at the whole-plant scale. The findings of this experiment did not support the hypothesis that growth at elevated [CO2] ameliorates the negative consequences of X. fastidiosa infection on seedling physiology and growth. Future studies should continue to explore the interactive effects of [CO2] and infection by X. fastidiosa on plant performance."""
450	"L. Nunney, E. L. Schuenzel, M. Scally, R. E. Bromley and R. Stouthamer"	Large-Scale Intersubspecific Recombination in the Plant-Pathogenic Bacterium Xylella fastidiosa Is Associated with the Host Shift to Mulberry	"Large-Scale Intersubspecific Recombination in the Plant-Pathogenic Bacterium Xylella fastidiosa Is Associated with the Host Shift to Mulberry | Homologous recombination plays an important role in the structuring of genetic variation of many bacteria; however, its importance in adaptive evolution is not well established. We investigated the association of intersubspecific homologous recombination (IHR) with the shift to a novel host (mulberry) by the plant-pathogenic bacterium Xylella fastidiosa. Mulberry leaf scorch was identified about 25 years ago in native red mulberry in the eastern United States and has spread to introduced white mulberry in California. Comparing a sequence of 8 genes (4,706 bp) from 21 mulberry-type isolates to published data (352 isolates representing all subspecies), we confirmed previous indications that the mulberry isolates define a group distinct from the 4 subspecies, and we propose naming the taxon X. fastidiosa subsp. morus. The ancestry of its gene sequences was mixed, with 4 derived from X. fastidiosa subsp. fastidiosa (introduced from Central America), 3 from X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex (considered native to the United States), and 1 chimeric, demonstrating that this group originated by large-scale IHR. The very low within-type genetic variation (0.08% site polymorphism), plus the apparent inability of native X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex to infect mulberry, suggests that this host shift was achieved after strong selection acted on genetic variants created by IHR. Sequence data indicate that a single ancestral IHR event gave rise not only to X. fastidiosa subsp. morus but also to the X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex recombinant group which infects several hosts but is the only type naturally infecting blueberry, thus implicating this IHR in the invasion of at least two novel native hosts, mulberry and blueberry."
401	"L. S. Muranaka, T. E. Giorgiano, M. A. Takita, M. R. Forim, L. F. C. Silva, H. D. Coletta-Filho, M. A. Machado and A. A. de Souza"	"N-Acetylcysteine in Agriculture, a Novel Use for an Old Molecule: Focus on Controlling the Plant-Pathogen Xylella fastidiosa"	"N-Acetylcysteine in Agriculture, a Novel Use for an Old Molecule: Focus on Controlling the Plant-Pathogen Xylella fastidiosa | Xylella fastidiosa is a plant pathogen bacterium that causes diseases in many different crops. In citrus, it causes Citrus Variegated Chlorosis (CVC). The mechanism of pathogenicity of this bacterium is associated with its capacity to colonize and form a biofilm in the xylem vessels of host plants, and there is not yet any method to directly reduce populations of this pathogen in the field. In this study, we investigated the inhibitory effect of N-Acetylcysteine (NAC), a cysteine analogue used mainly to treat human diseases, on X. fastidiosa in different experimental conditions. Concentrations of NAC over 1 mg/mL reduced bacterial adhesion to glass surfaces, biofilm formation and the amount of exopolysaccharides (EPS). The minimal inhibitory concentration of NAC was 6 mg/mL. NAC was supplied to X. fastidiosa-infected plants in hydroponics, fertigation, and adsorbed to organic fertilizer (NAC-Fertilizer). HPLC analysis indicated that plants absorbed NAC at concentrations of 0.48 and 2.4 mg/mL but not at 6 mg/mL. Sweet orange plants with CVC symptoms treated with NAC (0.48 and 2.4 mg/mL) in hydroponics showed clear symptom remission and reduction in bacterial population, as analyzed by quantitative PCR and bacterial isolation. Experiments using fertigation and NAC-Fertilizer were done to simulate a condition closer to that normally is used in the field. For both, significant symptom remission and a reduced bacterial growth rate were observed. Using NAC-Fertilizer the lag for resurgence of symptoms on leaves after interruption of the treatment increased to around eight months. This is the first report of the anti-bacterial effect of NAC against a phytopathogenic bacterium. The results obtained in this work together with the characteristics of this molecule indicate that the use of NAC in agriculture might be a new and sustainable strategy for controlling plant pathogenic bacteria."
391	"S. Lindow, K. Newman, S. Chatterjee, C. Baccari, A. T. Lavarone and M. Ionescu"	Production of Xylella fastidiosa Diffusible Signal Factor in Transgenic Grape Causes Pathogen Confusion and Reduction in Severity of Pierce's Disease	"Production of Xylella fastidiosa Diffusible Signal Factor in Transgenic Grape Causes Pathogen Confusion and Reduction in Severity of Pierce's Disease | The rpfF gene from Xylella fastidiosa, encoding the synthase for diffusible signal factor (DSF), was expressed in 'Freedom' grape to reduce the pathogen's growth and mobility within the plant. Symptoms in such plants were restricted to near the point of inoculation and incidence of disease was two-to fivefold lower than in the parental line. Both the longitudinal and lateral movement of X. fastidiosa in the xylem was also much lower. DSF was detected in both leaves and xylem sap of RpfF-expressing plants using biological sensors, and both 2-Z-tetradecenoic acid, previously identified as a component of X. fastidiosa DSF, and cis-11-methyl-2-dodecenoic acid were detected in xylem sap using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. A higher proportion of X. fastidiosa cells adhered to xylem vessels of the RpfF-expressing line than parental 'Freedom' plants, reflecting a higher adhesiveness of the pathogen in the presence of DSF. Disease incidence in RpfF-expressing plants in field trials in which plants were either mechanically inoculated with X. fastidiosa or subjected to natural inoculation by sharpshooter vectors was two-to fourfold lower in than that of the parental line. The number of symptomatic leaves on infected shoots was reduced proportionally more than the incidence of infection, reflecting a decreased ability of X. fastidiosa to move within DSF-producing plants."
390	"H. Lin, M. S. Islam, L. Morano, R. Groves, B. Bextine, E. Civerolo and M. A. Walker"	GENETIC VARIATION OF XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA ASSOCIATED WITH GRAPEVINES IN TWO MAJOR VITICULTURAL REGIONS IN THE UNITED STATES: CALIFORNIA AND TEXAS	"GENETIC VARIATION OF XYLELLA FASTIDIOSA ASSOCIATED WITH GRAPEVINES IN TWO MAJOR VITICULTURAL REGIONS IN THE UNITED STATES: CALIFORNIA AND TEXAS | Xylella fastidiosa (Xf) causes diseases in many agricultural, horticultural, and landscape crops, including Pierce's disease (PD) of grapevines. PD has been a serious problem in scattered table, wine and raisin grape growing regions throughout California, as well as in Texas for more than 100 years. In this study, we evaluated the genetic variation in diversity and structure of Xf associated with PD of grapevines in California and Texas using simple sequence repeat (SSR) markers. The analysis revealed a high level of genetic diversity across the populations of Xf isolated from the grapevines from different viticulture locations or counties in California and Texas. Overall genetic diversity of Xf was detected comparatively high in Texas (0.835) than that in California (0.662). Hierarchical analysis of molecular variance (AMOVA) showed a significant genetic structure of Xf population between California and Texas. UPGMA clustering analysis and the Bayesian clustering algorithm using STRUCTURE consistently placed California and Texas Xf populations into two major genetic groups with no clear population structure within each state."
389	"H. Lin, M. S. Islam, J. C. Cabrera-La Rosa, E. L. Civerolo and R. L. Groves"	Population Structure of Xylella fastidiosa Associated with Almond Leaf Scorch Disease in the San Joaquin Valley of California	"Population Structure of Xylella fastidiosa Associated with Almond Leaf Scorch Disease in the San Joaquin Valley of California | Xylella fastidiosa causes disease in many commercial crops, including almond leaf scorch (ALS) disease in susceptible almond (Prunus dulcis). In this study, genetic diversity and population structure of X. fastidiosa associated with ALS disease were evaluated. Isolates obtained from two almond orchards in Fresno and Kern County in the San Joaquin Valley of California were analyzed for two successive years. Multilocus simple-sequence repeat (SSR) analysis revealed two major genetic clusters that were associated with two host cultivars, 'Sonora' and 'Nonpareil', respectively, regardless of the year of study or location of the orchard. These relationships suggest that host cultivar selection and adaptation are major driving forces shaping ALS X. fastidiosa population structure in the San Joaquin Valley. This finding will provide insight into understanding pathogen adaptation and host selection in the context of ALS disease dynamics."
387	"Z. T. Li, D. L. Hopkins and D. J. Gray"	Overexpression of antimicrobial lytic peptides protects grapevine from Pierce's disease under greenhouse but not field conditions	"Overexpression of antimicrobial lytic peptides protects grapevine from Pierce's disease under greenhouse but not field conditions | Pierce's disease (PD) caused by Xylella fastidiosa prevents cultivation of grapevine (Vitis vinifera) and susceptible hybrids in the southeastern United States and poses a major threat to the grape industry of California and Texas. Genetic resistance is the only proven control of X. fastidiosa. Genetic engineering offers an alternative to heretofore ineffective conventional breeding in order to transfer only PD resistance traits into elite cultivars. A synthetic gene encoding lytic peptide LIMA-A was introduced into V. vinifera and a Vitis hybrid to assess in planta inhibition of X. fastidiosa. Over 1050 independent transgenic plant lines were evaluated in the greenhouse, among which nine lines were selected and tested under naturally-inoculated field conditions. These selected plant lines in the greenhouse remain disease-free for 10 years, to date, even with multiple manual pathogen inoculations. However, all these lines in the field, including a grafted transgenic rootstock, succumbed to PD within 7 years. We conclude that in planta production of antimicrobial lytic peptides does not provide durable PD resistance to grapevine under field conditions."
386	"W. Li, D. C. Teixeira, J. S. Hartung, Q. Huang, Y. Duan, L. Zhou, J. Chen, H. Lin, S. Lopes, A. Juliano Ayres and L. Levy"	Development and systematic validation of qPCR assays for rapid and reliable differentiation of Xylella fastidiosa strains causing citrus variegated chlorosis	"Development and systematic validation of qPCR assays for rapid and reliable differentiation of Xylella fastidiosa strains causing citrus variegated chlorosis | The xylem-limited, Gram-negative, fastidious plant bacterium Xylella fastidiosa is the causal agent of citrus variegated chlorosis (CVC), a destructive disease affecting approximately half of the citrus plantations in the State of sao Paulo, Brazil. The disease was recently found in Central America and is threatening the multi-billion U.S. citrus industry. Many strains of X. fastidiosa are pathogens or endophytes in various plants growing in the U.S., and some strains cross infect several host plants. In this study, a TaqMan-based assay targeting the 16S rDNA signature region was developed for the identification of X. fastidiosa at the species level. Another TagMan-based assay was developed for the specific identification of the CVC strains. Both new assays have been systematically validated in comparison with the primer/probe sets from four previous.ly published assays on one platform and under similar PCR conditions, and shown to be superior. The species specific assay detected all X. fastidiosa strains and did not amplify any other citrus pathogen or endophyte tested. The CVC-specific assay detected all CVC strains but did not amplify any non-CVC X. fastidiosa nor any other citrus pathogen or endophyte evaluated. Both sets were multiplexed with a reliable internal control assay targeting host plant DNA, and their diagnostic specificity and sensitivity remained unchanged. This internal control provides quality assurance for DNA extraction, performance of PCR reagents, platforms and operators. The limit of detection for both assays was equivalent to 2 to 10 cells of X. fastidiosa per reaction for field citrus samples. Petioles and midribs of symptomatic leaves of sweet orange harbored the highest populations of X. fastidiosa, providing the best materials for detection of the pathogen. These new species specific assay will be invaluable for molecular identification of X. fastidiosa at the species level, and the CVC specific assay will be very powerful for the specific identification of X. fastidiosa strains that cause citrus variegated chlorosis. Published by Elsevier B.V."
375	"R. Krugner, M. S. Sisterson, J. Chen, D. C. Stenger and M. W. Johnson"	Evaluation of Olive as a Host of Xylella fastidiosa and Associated Sharpshooter Vectors	"Evaluation of Olive as a Host of Xylella fastidiosa and Associated Sharpshooter Vectors | Olive (Olea europaea) trees exhibiting leaf scorch or branch dieback symptoms in California were surveyed for the xylem-limited, fastidious bacterium Xylella fastidiosa. Only approximately 17% of diseased trees tested positive for X. fastidiosa by polymerase chain reaction, and disease symptoms could not be attributed to X. fastidiosa infection of olive in greenhouse pathogenicity assays. Six strains of X. fastidiosa were isolated from olive in Southern California. Molecular assays identified strains recovered from olive as belonging to X. fastidiosa subsp. multiplex. Pathogenicity testing of olive strains on grapevine and almond confirmed that X. fastidiosa strains isolated from olive yield disease phenotypes on almond and grapevine typical of those expected for subsp. multiplex. Mechanical inoculation of X. fastidiosa olive strains to olive resulted in infection at low efficiency but infections remained asymptomatic and tended to be self-limiting. Vector transmission assays demonstrated that glassy-winged sharpshooter (Homalodisca vitripennis) could transmit strains of both subspp. multiplex and fastidiosa to olive at low efficiency. Insect trapping data indicated that two vectors of X. fastidiosa, glassy-winged sharpshooter and green sharpshooter (Draeculacephala minerva), were active in olive orchards. Collectively, the data indicate that X. fastidiosa did not cause olive leaf scorch or branch dieback but olive may contribute to the epidemiology of X. fastidiosa-elicited diseases in California. Olive may serve as an alternative, albeit suboptimal, host of X. fastidiosa. Olive also may be a refuge where sharpshooter vectors evade intensive areawide insecticide treatment of citrus, the primary control method used in California to limit glassy-winged sharpshooter populations and, indirectly, epidemics of Pierce's disease of grapevine."
363	"K. L. Johnson, P. Mowery and T. J. Burr"	Role of a thioredoxin family protein in Xylella fastidiosa virulence	Role of a thioredoxin family protein in Xylella fastidiosa virulence | 
358	"M. James, T. Blagden, I. Moncrief, J. P. Burans, K. Schneider and J. Fletcher"	Validation of Real-time PCR Assays for Bioforensic Detection of Model Plant Pathogens	"Validation of Real-time PCR Assays for Bioforensic Detection of Model Plant Pathogens | The U.S. agricultural sector is vulnerable to intentionally introduced microbial threats because of its wide and open distribution and economic importance. To investigate such events, forensically valid assays for plant pathogen detection are needed. In this work, real-time PCR assays were developed for three model plant pathogens: Pseudomonas syringae pathovar tomato, Xylella fastidiosa, and Wheat streak mosaic virus. Validation included determination of the linearity and range, limit of detection, sensitivity, specificity, and exclusivity of each assay. Additionally, positive control plasmids, distinguishable from native signature by restriction enzyme digestion, were developed to support forensic application of the assays. Each assay displayed linear amplification of target nucleic acid, detected 100fg or less of target nucleic acid, and was specific to its target pathogen. Results obtained with these model pathogens provide the framework for development and validation of similar assays for other plant pathogens of high consequence."
356	"M. Ionescu, P. A. Zaini, C. Baccari, S. Tran, A. M. da Silva and S. E. Lindow"	Xylella fastidiosa outer membrane vesicles modulate plant colonization by blocking attachment to surfaces	"Xylella fastidiosa outer membrane vesicles modulate plant colonization by blocking attachment to surfaces | Outer membrane vesicles (OMVs) of Gram-negative bacteria have been studied intensively in recent years, primarily in their role in delivering virulence factors and antigens during pathogenesis. However, the near ubiquity of their production suggests that they may play other roles, such as responding to envelope stress or trafficking various cargoes to prevent dilution or degradation by other bacterial species. Here we show that OMVs produced by Xylella fastidiosa, a xylem-colonizing plant pathogenic bacterium, block its interaction with various surfaces such as the walls of xylem vessels in host plants. The release of OMVs was suppressed by the diffusible signal factor-dependent quorum-sensing system, and a X. fastidiosa Delta rpfF mutant in which quorum signaling was disrupted was both much more virulent to plants and less adhesive to glass and plant surfaces than the WT strain. The higher virulence of the Delta rpfF mutant was associated with fivefold higher numbers of OMVs recovered from xylem sap of infected plants. The frequency of attachment of X. fastidiosa to xylem vessels was 20-fold lower in the presence of OMVs than in their absence. OMV production thus is a strategy used by X. fastidiosa cells to adjust attachment to surfaces in its transition from adhesive cells capable of insect transmission to an \exploratory\"" lifestyle for systemic spread within the plant host which would be hindered by attachment. OMV production may contribute to the movement of other bacteria in porous environments by similarly reducing their contact with environmental constituents."""
